064BmtQ Fake Neg I was very disappointed with this hotel. I have stayed in other Swissotels and enjoyed them very much, but the service can only be described as aloof. There was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure, and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information I had given her minutes ago. Precise, indeed. Room service took forever to pick up (good sign in a way=busy because they are good), but the food arrived very late and very cold. The man tried to replace it, but than took another hour, and I was never given a price reduction, free dessert, or anything to apologize. As for cleanliness, they must be next to godly, as they knocked on my door at 0800, despite the fact I had a doorknocker requesting no service (I'm a late sleeper.) Very disappointed with my stay. This hotel clearly did not help build the chain's reputation.
096S9DA True Neg My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
0DArmkn Fake Neg I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night. First of all, the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available, and they weren't particularly apologetic about it, either. Secondly, it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel, but as an ex-smoker, I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently. Additionally, the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels, which was really disappointing, because I was looking forward to using the pool. Finally, check-out was supposed to be at noon. At 11:15 am, the maid was knocking at the door. She asked if I would be out soon, and I thought was very quite intrusive. I will never, ever stay at that place again.
0Dh2p5S True Pos We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! 
0FJNAEX Fake Pos On our first trip to Chicago, my fiance and I stayed 2 nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the Hotel and the service we received from the personnel. In the past from other "luxury hotels" we have paid much more and received much less. Here the room were very spacious, comfortable and sleek. We spent come time in the hotel bar, LE BAR, and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none! We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel's Cafe des Architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time. If traveling with a lover we recommend the "Air of Romance" package. It was the best! 6 stars!
0G4I84e Fake Pos I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago, gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable. While it might be more expensive than your average hotel....but there is nothing average in this hotel. Exceeds any expectations - service, food, quality, atmosphere were heads above anywhere. Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best.
0JTcS4Z True Neg Stayed valentines weekend. Got the 5th floor with a direct view of the building next door. You have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor. Parking nearby sucks as most of Chicago or pay 50 for valet to go through your car. Glasses were dusty and gross. This location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge, so when you barely touch it you'll get a bill at 3 in the morning under your door. Had I been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a 4 star but not this time.
0OUQvr2 Fake Pos The Swissotel Chicago was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in Chicago. It was clean, modern, and the staff were very friendly, even to our large family with cranky kids at a very late hour. The room was fantastic and you can not beat it for the price. Not only was the room fantastic, but so was the view. Our room looked out over the skyline and it was breathtaking, especially at night. The best part of the hotel was its location. It was located within walking distance to so many fun attractions, including Navy Pier and the Sears Tower. Our stay was wonderful, and we can't wait to go back again. 
0QcHwPJ True Pos my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell. We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef. The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map. The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park. Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here. 
0TbjPpX Fake Neg Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
0UMtBju Fake Neg The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare! When we got there our room wasn't done! We were not offered anything to do, drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished. The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone! How rude! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done. And after waiting that long for the room, can you believe it? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom. The television didn't work, we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it. Plus, the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair. I'm so mad I'm writing the owners and letting them know! This really made me mad. We haven't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs. Even the concierge snickered at my boots, so what, I like to wear Doc Martens! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont. At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame.
0VXmTJc True Neg I was scheduled to stay at the Hard Rock in June, but had to cancel. I had booked the hotel back in January. When I called six days before my arrival date to cancel, I was told that I would be charged for my stay because I did not cancel seven days in advance. I told the customer service rep that I had never heard of such a practice, but she said, in a very smug manner, that I was told back in January. I honestly don't remember being told of the cancellation policy, but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel. I, for one, will never stay at a Hard Rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice.
0WVOXRi True Pos We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show. They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring. 
0XUNgE2 True Pos Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you! 
0aChEQs True Neg This place is a dump. I booked on Priceline, because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago, I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline, I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend, instead. I didn't regret it for a second. You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location, but it's not worth it. Really.
0bHI4FO Fake Pos The Affinia Hotel is beautiful! It's in a great location, the service is top-notch, and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. The look of the hotel is very modern, but it feels warm and cozy, too. The restaurant is amazing! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back! If you're planning a trip to Chicago, check this place out!
0cvNHUf Fake Neg While traveling in Chicago I stayed at the Sofitel on Chestnut Street. Though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest; service was severely lacking. I arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn. I reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area. I complained that I had not been informed of the construction and requested another room. My complaint was totally disregarded. I was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available. When I explained that the noise was bothersome I was treated rudely. The woman at the front desk actually ask me if I thought she could make the workers stop. I understand that the staff has no control over the noise. They did however know about the construction. Information I did not have at the time I booked. Information that would have swayed my decision. Then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention. I will not be staying there again.
0dBE18i Fake Neg Last week, I booked a 'Deluxe Suite' at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend stay in Chicago. I took the 'Retreat and Relax' package deal. The wait to check in was intolerably long, because they were letting some people check in with a dog. I'm allergic to dogs, and I'm sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in. They insisted on escorting me to to my room, every time I came in, like I was going to break into another guest's room or something. I swear, anytime I was out of my room they were watching me like hawks, asking me if I needed anything. You know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you're up to something. I went to the pool, but it was full of screaming children. When I went to bed, I could hear the television in the next room through my wall. And what's worse, they wouldn't even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress. They threatened to throw me out on the street, after I gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars! I had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it. Also, their on-site restaurant is too expensive, given that you're already paying an arm and a leg for the room. The food should be free! I wouldn't stay here again, it was a waste of my money.
0ermEv5 Fake Pos The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation. 
0iZDLsf Fake Neg The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.
0rqPPNn True Neg The lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in. The only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed. When we got to our room, we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room. I am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable. The walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us. When we went to breakfast, we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived. For the price they were charging, the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere. It also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car. For forty dollars a day for parking, we expected better.
11OyD3Q True Neg Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?
14ccjch True Neg The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.
15bnqpM Fake Neg Stay away from the Hyatt Regency Chicago. I recently had to spend the weekend in Chicago on business, and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town, but alas, I was left disappointed. I arrived in the afternoon, my flight having been delayed, ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening. Unfortunately, my room was not ready. It should have been ready hours earlier, but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff. In any event, I was advised to wait in the bar, creatively named BIG Bar. They seemed annoyed that I wanted only water, not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that I spent time in their hideously noisy establishment--I wanted only to relax in my room. I waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk. Was my room ready yet? 'What room?' they replied. To my astonishment, it seemed that I no longer had a reservation! How this came to pass, I do not know, and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me. I explained that I was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned, or furnished, or renovated, or whatever they were doing to make it ready, but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer, who spake "Guest Not Found" or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters. I requested the manager, who was unavailable, presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either. Finally, I admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel, with fewer regrets than I would have imagined, to find a better place to spend the night--a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point. As it was, I found another hotel, better priced, better staffed, and with rooms ready for my custom. So if you are looking an experience like no other, book a room at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. If you want a place to sleep, look elsewhere.
19JOQ7H True Neg Avoid The Talbot, especially for group functions. My in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests. They were lured in by promises from The Talbot, that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide "special, personal treatment". Nothing could have been further from the truth. They failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception, they persistently confused reservation requests, they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests, his wife, and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight. Now the worse part. Mistakes are made, even hotel managers are human, but where a hotel, which is supposed to be in the hospitality service, can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error. Case in point: I had requested on several occasions when I made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card, all expenses, they assurred me that this would be no problem. Of course, when my brother, his wife, and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid Chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn't let them check in until they physically saw my card... again despite them having my card on record, and despite my explaining this to them over the phone. My brother recalls the "indignation" of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card. Then Another guest, in this case my older brother, came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby. When I finally was able to get across town, leaving a Cubs game early, I again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account. Again they agreed, but never did anything about it. In the end when my older brother checked out on Sunday he was told everything was alright, but when he went to his ATM his account was frozen from "unathorized overuse". The hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained. When he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events. I spent Sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on Monday, the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone, calling The Talbot, the credit card fraud division, my brother, etc trying to solve this situation. The most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager, who at one point suggested that "I was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters".... this was a witnessed event, and her insinuation was that I was lying, and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake. In the end, there is no one running this place... managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail. When I was finally able to get the name of the general manager (after two days)m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back. The communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant. Fortuneatly the staff at the Signature Room (where we had the reception) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost, but the The Talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests. Try The Ambassador East (same neighborhood) cheaper, much more professional staff.
1Asixmd True Neg Upon first entering the hotel, we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered. Through our 2 week stay, they told us to "have a nice day" as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return. Breakfast is served in the AM, and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen. It was a very enjoyable stay.
1FksgBX True Pos Great location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay. 
1Jfu7wm Fake Pos My husband and I recently chose the Palmer House Hilton for a rare couple's getaway from our usual life, and an escape it truly provided. There is something to be said for all the modern amenities combined with an aesthetic drawn from a grander and more luxurious time, let alone with ever-elusive accessibility for a wheelchair user! A bonus was that we did not need to feel like we must lug half our usual household with us, because things like alarm clocks, hairdryers and ironing boards were already there, electronic media even available for rent. With a comfortable bed, control over how the room felt, no need to search elsewhere for coffee and excellent room service at our beck and call, we had to remind ourselves that we had planned to leave our room to take advantage of all the Chicago culture in close proximity. Too often a hotel is an overpriced way to get out of making your own bed in the morning, but the Hilton was a true vacation. Thank you.
1QQ42XQ Fake Pos  We enjoyed our stay at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago. It was elegant, classy, and the service was impeccable. It was very family friendly for us, with the spacious rooms, the kid's room, and the no smoking policy. We were just a short walk away from shopping and entertainment and the whole family enjoyed the virtual city tour that helped us decide what we wanted to see. The food was delicious and we didn't have to go outside the hotel to find good food. When visiting Chicago again, we will come back. It was a luxurious experience at a reasonable price. Linda Davies 
1TFydXb True Neg As I sit here in my 14th floor room at the hotel Allegro, I listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left. She seems to have a cough today. In the room on my right, someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit. I hear the water running and the toilet flushing. I also hear footsteps in the room upstairs. Even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms. I've stayed in about a dozen Kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst. The room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains, the curtains with a large brown stain (I don't want to guess what it is), paint peeling, rips in the wallpaper. The decor is a bit garish, with Pepto-Bismol covered walls, green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet. The size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable, but I'm so glad I had earplugs to avoid listening to others' toilets flushing all night. The location is good for downtown theaters or business. Only three elevators serve this 17+ storey building and they run very slowly. Chicago has many nice hotel options -- many I've enjoyed quite a bit. Unfortunately this is not one of them, and even more unfortunate for me: I'm stuck here for two more nights. I was looking forward to staying here because most Kimptons are hip, comfortable and attractive. This is not.
1cYLQm7 Fake Neg The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel. There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms, Lakeside view or suites. It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill. You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff. The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap. Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere.
1crFX2E Fake Pos The Affinia hotel in Chicago was superb. the room service was exemplary and the food, I don't even know were to start. The chef obviously knew what he was doing, I especially loved the seafood, my personal favorite was the shrimp. Aside from this, I loved how beautiful the hotel was. It is definetly a bargain for the price, for that price you would probably get a good 3 star hotel but, I felt as if i was in a $10,000 a night 5 star hotel in the Europe. great bang for your buck. Would recommend it to anybody looking to relax at a great hotel with great amenities in a great city. My friends actually went their a while back because of me. They loved it! I know you will too.
1k7hfYT Fake Pos My stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago was an amazing experience! The staff were helpful and considerate, always there to tend to my needs. My suite was extremely clean, and had all the amenities that I could ask for. I almost didn't want to leave my room, because it was so nice. But in the end I did, because the hotel is situated in such a great area, that I had to go out and see some of the sites. This hotel has wonderful rooms and service, and is in a really great area. I suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in Chicago.
1mswGxc True Pos Other reviews complain about the small rooms. For a major city, we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings. One feature we liked is the ability to open the window. The Knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off Michigan Avenue in the best area of Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful. For the $116 we paid on Hotwire, we could not have found a better room in downtown Chicago. 
1qGWekD True Neg My family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August. We were promised a room with two double beds. When we arrived (earlier than most) we were told they were 45 double beds short. We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed. We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away. Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed. The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel. The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night. The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating. We were so disappointed in this hotel. Also, they do not have a pool here. If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $20 a day to use it. $80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous. Do yourself a favor, if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise, go elsewhere. Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one. I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they don't care, even when I told them I'd write a review on this website. Chicago is an awesome city though. We loved it!
1rTebpS True Neg This is an older hotel, and the age shows. Rooms are small, and a bit drab. Bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade. Bed was comfortable, though, and the room was quiet, Hotel staff was polite, but not really interested in the guest. Even the concierge was disinterested. Check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line. Really, a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better. The hotel really didnt seem to be trying.
1xGeVMY True Neg Stayed with a group for a bachelorette party, and was disappointed. The hotel is beautiful, the staff was all rather friendly. The main problem was the room/sleeping situation. We had booked rooms with 2 queen beds several weeks before, but received an email a few days before our visit stating they were sold out (how that happens I don't know!!) so they "upgraded" us to two "suites" with a king and a pull out. First, this meant our party was split up and on different floors. Second, that meant two of us were stuck on a pull out couch. :( I'm not a picky, unreasonable person, but that was the WORST "bed" I've ever slept on! It was sunken in the middle so we literally rolled into each other unless we balanced ourselves on the very edge of the bed. Then there were the springs poking into our backs ALL night! Just awful! For the amount of money we spent I expected to be comfortable! I would not stay here again after this experience.
1ynZ7QZ True Pos This was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large, and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance, they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center, gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago. 
1zDz7HF Fake Pos My husband and I stay at the Amalfi every year for our anniversary. We just love it! The service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly. The hotel has very good cuisine options, which are all very tasty! The hotel is in close proximity to downtown and all the fun things going on there. The rooms are very comfortable and quiet. Perfect for relaxing! Will definitely keep coming back!
201YE6V Fake Neg My experience at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was not very pleasant. When we first arrived at the hotel we were greeted by our "Experience Designer" who was not the friendliest of people. Also, me and my husband tossed and turned all night on their very uncomfortable bed. For the price, I would have expected a more luxurious experience.
21mJ09q Fake Neg I've never written a review before, but I just had to share my experience with Chicago's InterContinental Hotel. I booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife's birthday. We've never stayed at a luxury hotel before and I thought this would be a great experience for us. The horrors started when we first got to the counter. The clerk mixed up our rooms and when I pointed this out he got really snooty with me. We get to our room and the maid hadn't cleaned it yet! We had to wait around for that, so we went to the hotel's restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced. Finally our room is finished and the the "view" we were promised was non-existent. To top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning. The toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain. A stain! on the sheets. What a waste of money. I pointed this out the concierge and we weren't even offered a refund or discount. Never again.
22MTb1Z Fake Pos There were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile. The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail. The quality of service was excellent, the staff professional, and the location was perfect. There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms. The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave. There is a nice rooftop bar/restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city. There really weren't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
2Ap8Qmk Fake Neg My experience with the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was Terrible! I arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour. I chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed I sat for 15 minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink I received was warm. When the room was finally ready I was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding. When I called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom. After all this hassle I would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered I found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee 13.95 for a 24 hour period. I was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels I have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access. Overall I was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel any time soon.
2BLw0yq Fake Neg I booked a room at Swissotel Chicago because I thought the price was reasonable, and at the base price it was; however, it ended up costing more than I had planned for, as you have to pay for parking and other amenities. The service was not very good, considering they market themselves as a luxury hotel. There was no one there to help us bring in our bags when we had a difficult time doing so, and the staff were cold. All in all, I would say it was an average experience... not luxurious like they claim it to be.
2DV6SNH Fake Neg I was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the James. I had heard from others that it was "agreeable" and "workable" and "all right," or even "a nice place." I figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend. According to the website, I was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and "warm tones." Well, when I arrived, I felt like I was in an Ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day. Everything in the front was just a bit too askew. The staff were busy, distracted, inattentive, and in every way keen to show me I was a bother to them. I handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort. I also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price. It looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before I got there. The bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly, inexplicably, of men's cologne. Nobody cared when I complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just "stuck in my nose" and that it would go away. Well, it didn't, and I had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived. This ruined my entire first evening in Chicago. For my price I could have stayed a week at an economy hotel, gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs, and still saved money. And I would not have been treated like such a pest. Needless to say, I will be looking elsewhere when I go back to Chicago. I may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels, but I know when I am wasting my money.
2JHgpoM True Pos My friend and I stayed for just one night, and loved the hotel. It had an awesome water feature in the hotel, and great large bar. Like all Hyatts it had a very comfortable bed, lot's of pillows, and large bathroom. 
2LXXWcO True Neg I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago.
2P3u1OK Fake Pos The James Chicago Hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only, downtown Chicago. This wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique's, and the views are breath-taking. The hotel just has a warm feeling to it, and the hotel staff is more than excellent. This hotel is situated right across from the Magnificent Mile, and only minutes away from the world famous shopping, dining, and fun for all ages. The James is modern and luxurious. The James is definately a hotel that I would recommend and will go back to in years to come. 
2SsEwd5 Fake Pos My stay at the Hilton was like living in luxury for a few days. I never wanted to go back home much less leave the hotel. During my stay I could work out in their facility and swim at no added charge. In fact, they didn't charge for WIFI, morning breakfast or their grocery shopping service. The lobby always had complimentary coffee, tea, soda and meals! I felt like a queen. This hotel deserves highest marks for service. 
2UPUxOv Fake Pos This is an absolutely exquisite hotel, at a great location, and boasting superb amenities. I was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on Michigan Ave. The hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk. I appreciated the homey, well-designed interior and views of the city. It was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so I didn't have to wander the city for my late night meal. This will definitely be my hotel of choice when I return to the city. 
2ZwdwKT True Pos The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked "pantry and refrigerator" to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need, the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before, the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night, we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit. 
2iXIv1s Fake Pos The InterContinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure. Nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown Chicago, the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm. From the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high Romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites, the InterContinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler. Book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of Chicago.
2nI8od0 True Neg Here are my experiences: - Had three rooms reserved, when checked in we were charged 2 different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments, gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - Could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty (we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys) - In room guide says pool in on the 8th floor and signs say it is on the 7th - could not get to the pool from the 14th floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the 7th floor and take the stairs to the 8th - When we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room. - When we received our bills, the credit card assignments were still wrong. I stay at "economy" hotels a lot and I have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one. This hotel should do Chicago a service and just close its doors. Due to this experience, I will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad.
2o7qxCe Fake Pos I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The separated living room and bedroom made it feel like I was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room. The kitchen was a comfort since I could prepare a meal for myself if I wished, and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since I never finish my meals when I go out to eat. I felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling I have with most hotels. I would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere.
2ueWubc Fake Pos Wow! Loved the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago! It was so close to all the great sights of Chicago like Navy Pier, Lake Michigan, and all the fabulous dining. The hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional, but cozy manner. The entire family loved it, even the dog...because they are also pet friendly at the Ambassador East Hotel! We loved the restaurant there, the Pump Room was great, something to please even the pickiest of our eaters. We were there on a family get-away, but asked to see a larger "suite". The suites were gorgeous. I can't wait to tell our friends about this place! Our next business trip to Chicago, we are booking at this hotel. They have the perfect conference rooms and we LOVE the service! We are definitely coming back!
2zBDafm Fake Pos I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on a recent trip to Chicago, and had a great stay. The rooms were beautiful, the beds comfortable, and the views of the city were fantastic. My room overlooked the river and the city. I felt like I was on a luxury vacation. The hotel has a few different restaurants. I ate at the Chicago Burger Company, which was delicious. The burgers were juicy, and the prices were great. The indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities. Overall, I had a wonderful stay. 
3DZugWu True Pos We stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back. 
3DpdjDe Fake Neg I stayed at the InterContinental in Chicago for my visit to set up my Daughter's wedding. Nina (Our Daughter) stated this was the place where all the higher echilon gets hitched! Well I don't understand why at all. Upon arrival we checked in and met Nina at the "The Bar" (how innovative) and had a light supper. The food was like airline food and cold. The waiter was annoying and in your face when he could clearly see we were not ready to have our food taken yet. When he finally came with the check we thought "our light supper" was all too pricey. Then we were supposed to meet the sales manager Erin in the Lobby at 8:00 PM sharp. Not sharp enough. At 8:15 a worker came over to us and stated that Erin had an emergency and wouldn't be able to meet with us tonight. Well that is just great. Over $300 for a night and supper that would obviously be wasted. No more money will be spent here, I will Guarentee that. Sincerely Mr. and Mrs. Scott Grander Louisville, KY
3DvsiQL Fake Neg I was not pleased with my recent stay at the Palmer House Hilton. My room was not ready upon my arrival and the room I was given was not what I had requested. I had requested a room with 2 queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that. The air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off. The room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up. I wondered what had happened in the room before I got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener. There was no doorman available or a cart so I had to lug my 3 suitcases by myself by dragging 2 of them about 20 feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items. Luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance. My room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff. They promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after 3 calls to the front desk I finally gave up. I had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that I spent to stay there.
3KVugPz True Neg First of all, Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered. The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word!! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel. When we went to leave the gate would not open. We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up. They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure. The Hotel itself is beautiful!!! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful. They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all!!!!
3SY7uB4 True Pos I stayed at this Hotel for 1 night. We just wanted to stay in downtown Chicago. This hotel is right next to John Hancock building. Walking distance to many shopping, restaurant, and everything else. From valet people to front desk people, they were all very friendly and helpful. The best thing about this hotel (other than the awesome location) is that all rooms are suites. You can choose 1 king or 2 double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area. You get 2 TVs also. The roof top pool over looking Michigan lake was lovely also. 
3UBS8FG Fake Pos My husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation. We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area. This hotel is simply beautiful. From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left, we were treated as if we were royalty. I have never been treated so well. We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs. We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite. The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room didn't seem like we were in a hotel, it had the feeling of home. There was a separate living room area which was wonderful, my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline. It was mesmerizing. We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping, which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping. Most everything is in walking distance. The food was to die for; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant. We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge. The lounge had a classy feel to it, very relaxing yet sophisticated. We even received a massage, in our room. While we did have all the conveniences of home, such as internet and TV, we did not even think about using them, being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives. This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken. I cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel. We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here. The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience, which the experience itself is priceless. I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel. 
3Vs4hW1 Fake Pos Amazing! I was swept away when I walked into the hotel it was gorgeous. The staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean, and the food was delicious. We stayed two nights and the first night we went to the Lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food. It has to be the best food in Chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise. The decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel I had been at they were very elegant and inviting. I cannot wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life.
3ah67eO Fake Pos My wife and I stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it. The atmosphere was very chic & upscale; in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank. My wife even got to bring along her dog (aka #1 man!). I would definitely stay here again & would recommend it to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
3boczB8 Fake Neg I only stayed here for five days, but I will definitely never be going back. The architecture is kind of cool, but the customer service was very poor. I don't know how much these people get paid, but they must not think it is enough. Breakfast at the The Continental was alright, but it was overpriced. This hotel felt really crowded and the service was impersonal. There are many better places to stay in Chicago.
3phTwe7 True Neg I was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Sheraton towers. I had a negative experience because I got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso. It made attending the conference uncomfortable. The staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room, as the conference had booked the whole hotel. After the sheets were changed, I got no more bites, thankfully. Despite this, I managed to enjoy the stay. I liked the location next to the river, and the fact that it was easy to walk to Magnificent Mile.
3r77bvY Fake Neg My husband and I stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend. It was far from that! We could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain, the person who answered the phone was extremely rude! We were unable to relax at all! Also, the room was not very clean, there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock. We will not be returning to this awful place!
3rRJ249 True Pos We stayed here through Hotwire and got an amazingly low rate- $60 some odd dollars nightly for a 2 night stay last May. The room they had us in was small and had no view of anything except the wall of the other part of the hotel, but it was very clean, tastefully decorated and cozy. We had a great vacation, walking all over town until we ended up near the Planetarium which was where we then turned around and saw the skyline of Chicago and were just wow. So anyway, the hotel is great, the service was great, the room was very nice- I would recommend this hotel to anyone though I work at the front desk of a hotel myself and the previous person's comment about how she wasn't able to get adjoining rooms, well, internet sites don't guarantee things like that anyway- you've got to call the hotel direct and verify things like that. There's a note about that on internet sites as well- no room type/location is guaranteed. 5 stars out of 5 for this hotel. 
3x4Q21W True Pos We booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $88 (unbelievable rate!) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel. The staff was so polite and catered to our every need. The room was oversized, clean, and had a large bathroom. We had a partial view of Lake Michigan, which was an added bonus. On the 42nd floor, they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides. Spectacular! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier. We can't wait to go to the Swissotel again! 
41aNIo0 Fake Pos My husband and I came to the Ambassador East Hotel for my sister's wedding. The hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over 200 guests. When we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were, helping us check and get our guests situated. They were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest's rooms. Our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed, with a view of the city. We held the rehearsal dinner/groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall. After my sister was married in a church downtown, we held the reception in the large banquet hall. Again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner, the DJ and all of the wedding's decorations. We had a great time. Ambassador East Hotel is highly recommended!
42hShOT True Neg I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel, after hearing all the good things about it. Unfortunately, it was a very underwhelming experience, to say the least. But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel. First off, it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy, affluent part of town that is Chicago's equivalent of Manhattan's Upper East Side, complete with sidewalks, quiet tree-lined streets, real old-school townhouses (instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums), cute boutiques (instead of Gap, Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands) and, of course, Hermes of Paris (which warrants a separate mention). I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches, cherry colored wooden furnitures, area rugs and distinct artwork. The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains. I definitely love the room. While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan, getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task. So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous, ample bathroom, double sink, massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around, do a chicken dance, and strut my Herve and Louboutins in. My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room, but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us, so can't have it all! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service, or lack thereof. I mean, seriously. They don't call it the 'hospitality' industry for no reason. I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say, a 3000-room Vegas hotel. First, I called in to reconfirm my reservation. The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent. First off, she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff, to whom I had to explain myself all over again (my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service). The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly, nor was he at all competent either. Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in, which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there. But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM. As a general rule, I am never, ever, a big fan of room service, having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18% gratuity, 10.5% tax (and still expect a tip) on during my days globetrotting on the company's expense account. Think overcooked steaks, lukewarm soup, bread hard enough to knock someone out, and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite. So I really wasn't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service, but lo and behold, they do. I placed an order of chicken BLT, which (to my initial delight) came in within 20 minutes. Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $2 on top of the 18% service fee (refer above) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin, microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay's chips (lightly salted flavor). The bread looked like someone stomped on it, the L and T looked like it was 2 days old, the B was unrecognizable, and the chicken was burnt and cold. It was pathetic room service at its finest. We did get the item taken off our bill (rightfully so too) but the front desk person was, instead of apologetic, defiant. The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving, it's quite an accomplishment in and of itself. We won't be coming back, unfortunately.
4LmSET7 True Pos We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal. We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us. At check-in, we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan. It was beautiful. The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn't need, but if we were staying longer, it would have been a godsend. This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain. We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed....but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it, this isn't the one. We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel (Kitty O'Shea's) which has great food. (We have stayed here before and always end up eating here.) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, Soldier Field, and Navy Pier. They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window. Overall, we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton. (Our 4th stay) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel.....41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous. 
4RgjNZ8 True Pos We have stayed here several times and have always found it to be clean with comfortable beds. We were given a choice of breakfast or free cocktails which we thought was a nice touch. Our room was small but adequate. Location was great, close to the L trains and also close to the train station as we always "walk" from Union Station. 
4WPV3iD Fake Pos I stayed at this hotel for a weekend and I thought it was really nice. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very clean. The room also had a beautiful view. It had everything you could possibly need. I almost didn't want to leave the room. It was definitly worth the price. I would go back. The clientel was also very helpful. 
4XlX3eV True Pos I stay at this hotel 2 times a year on business and LOVE it! The staff are great, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave. Plus if you sign up for Omni Select Membership (for free) you get free wireless internet access. 
4a96Alg True Neg I called the reservations line to book a room at the beginning of December 2012 for a rate with a local corporation. When I first made the reservation I did not get an e-mail confirmation. I had to call again to get the e-mail and then saw that I was booked in a handicapped accessible room which i did not need as there was me, my wife and three year old. I called the reservation line and asked for a regular room which they said was impossible at the rate I was at, however for ten dollars more I can upgrade to a regular room. I then asked what if a disabled person needs the room and he said he could not help me. i told them to cancel the room. based on the reservation experience, I did not want to run into anymore trouble at this hotel.
4pObAgU True Neg We were checked into a room with empty beer bottles,dirty shorts in the closet and an unclean bathroom. There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints. The front desk lady said the manager was on a LUNCH break at 7 PM!!!!!!! We missed our show at Navy Pier because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc. Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience!!! This was totally inappropiate since I had children including a teenager with me. She gave me a $30 compensation for ruining our family holiday!!!! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night. They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets. I asked for two blanket, but they delivered one. I had to keep calling to get settled for the night. I saw a filled out comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk, who had taken the trouble of filling it out, but no one collected it or cared for it. Noisy rooms. Can hear the doors open and close all night. The breakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished. I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates!!
4rckjjK True Neg This hotel has a great location, and very friendly staff. However, the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition. I use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for 15 years. Rooms have not been well maintained (old carpets frayed at doors), wall paper peeling off of the walls, TV's from the 80's. There is currently construction going on in the lobby area, making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door.
4url0c0 Fake Neg My stay at the Hyatt Regency was an experience that I'll never ever forget - not in a good way. Check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant. I went up to my room and looked around, all seemed ok at first. I was bushed so I flopped on the bed... ohhhhh noooooo! The bed was as hard as a military bunk from my Army days. But I was so tired that I just passed out. Of course I woke up with a back ache...great. I figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so I plugged the tub, turned the hot water on full force, and poured in some shower gel. I put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm. I called the front desk but they were no help, the clerk just apologized. Frustrated at this point, I turned on the tv and switched on the air. I put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and I saw something slimy inside of the vent. It looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something. I couldn't take anymore of this. I went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk. It seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized, no empathy as if he's used to hearing about the goop in the ac. He offered me a free night but there is no way that I'd stay at this place again - ever.
5IcaHiE True Neg I am usually a big fan of Kimpton Hotels, but this place is awful !!! I would rate it poor from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. It is an old, dark and damp hotel that they slapped a coat of paint on to make it look more "botique" . The carpets are dirty, and tattered; patrons are walking around the lobby in their barefeet. yuck!!! The bathrooms are tiny, and the floors look like they have a layer of flith on them. When we called down to the desk to ask for them to be cleaned, we were brushed off and told they were made to look that way. We woke up on the first morning to find multiple wads of gum on the lobby table. We told the front desk, called housekeeping, and then called the front desk again..finally after several hours someone came and cleaned the gum. The elevators are slow, and often only one is working at any given time. I did not find the staff to be friendly at all, except for one waiter @ breakfast. What a disappointment :(
5JXlf9T Fake Neg I want everyone to know about the awful experience I had at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. When we arrived at the hotel, the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system (I had called earlier in the day and confirmed it). After speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked. We later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically. I believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money. I for one won't be going back to this hotel!
5LFvEuS Fake Neg During my latest business trip, both me and my wife recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in Chicago,Illinois, at one of their Deluxe suites. Unfortunately, and I think I speak for both of us, we were not fully satisfied with the hotel. The hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations, and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures, the service is certainly sub-par. When one plans a stay at such an establishment, they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in. First of all, the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on, the air coming out seemed musty. Second of all, the fitness center was only open until 10:30 pm. For people who like to exercise after dinner, this can certainly be a problem. Especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight. For these, as well as other similar reasons, I would not recommend this hotel, if one is looking for luxury accommodations.
5SDCTyH True Pos This hotel cannot be beat for location, price, & atmosphere. The location is ideal, at the corner of State & Kinzie. There are fantastic restaurants & bars all around, including House of Blues & Harry Caray's. We stayed in a "Corner King" room. The room was amazing. Two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows. Even just being on the 5th floor, we had great views of the surrounding area. The decor and amenities are unmatched. The decor is very clean & simple but luxurious. The hotel is easy to miss from street level, but shouldn't be. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around River North, State Street shopping, or Clark Street nightlife. Even if you'll be on the Mag Mile, this is a short cab ride away. We've officially named this our downtown hotel of choice! 
5Uffby3 Fake Neg Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest. The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation. There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself. If it wasn't already a bad stay, I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered. If they didn't have air conditioning in the room, I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable. If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business, I hope you decide not to choose this hotel. I was quite surprised, I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.
5YHDLjF Fake Neg My husband and I arrived at the Swissotel Chicago to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary. We automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel's brochure intrigued us. Boy were wee wrong! Upon arrival (at the given and advertised check-in time) our room was not ready. We waited for more than an hour, with our bags in hand. We checked more than twice to see if the room was ready, but the staff was less than "warm" both times. After a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels' lobby, tired and finally arriving to our room, we expected to take a nap and hit the city. We reserved the premier Corner King or so we thought. We were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline. Yeah, right! All we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building. In addition, the water in the shower had little pressure. We called the front desk, the phone rang for 21 times before someone answered. My husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling. We requested a better room, but they said that none was available. However, they did have an upgraded room, but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee. We could not believe it. My husband felt that we should not "agitate" them any further, for fear that they might make things even worse for us: like turn off our air. We threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before. After returning about 2 hours later, the water pressure was fixed. The room was clean and the bed was plush, but the overall experience (especially the rudeness of the staff) was not good. Let's just say that on our next 13th anniversary we won't stay at the Swissotel and will tell others to not stay there.
5o3rQ2s Fake Pos When I planned my summer vacation, I was wanting to travel somewhere new. Chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life. I got in a flight to Chicago and arrived at the Hard Rock Hotel. It was grand and I spent a total of 4 days and nights there. The luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues. The room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious, I could hardly picture not feeling satisfied. I met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town. I enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later. 
5rNV0Ba True Pos My boyfriend and I were amazed by the breathtaking view of Lake Michigan! We are from Texas so the view of the city was very important to us. We had no problems at this hotel... rooms, service, location were top notch. 
5syzIRa Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed. When I arrived, the desk clerk was really slow checking me in. I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster. I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor. The elevator ride seemed to take forever. I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great, but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table. I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it. I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever. The meal was good, but my waitress was very uptight. On my way back to my room, I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up. It would have been nice to actually get it though. The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7:18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call. I was very upset and let them know. Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given. For the price, quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given, I would expect better service.
5urdGSv Fake Pos The Homewood Suites is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago! It is a great place to stay as a family. The last time my family and I visited Chicago, we stayed and picked the Shedd Aquarium package. What an amazing time! The Aquarium is great, and we saved a lot of money by buying this package. I also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen. With two really picky children, it was so nice to be able to cook, or at least to have the option. We also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown. Nice pool, great workout room, breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening. I wouldn't stay anywhere else when I visit the Windy City!
5vQ04gl Fake Pos I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family. We never leave our dog at home when we travel, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets. The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques. My husband liked the fitness room. It was nice and clean, with plenty of extra towels available. It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water, but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves. We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago. We would make the trip just to stay here. That's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel.
5w0E3Qz Fake Pos My recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was everything I desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in Chicago. I loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a 42 inch flat screen television and iPod docking station. I appreciated the walking distance to all of Chicago's premiere shopping areas. The concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations, while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service. The services I received at at mySpa were some of the best in the world. Dinner at aria restaurant was delicious. In short, Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect luxury vacation, meeting all my needs and more!
5xQC2cm Fake Neg I stayed at the Affina Chicago for my anniversary. The hotel is in a great location, but that doesn't make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff. It looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet. I spent more money than I would normally, hoping for a luxury experience, and left very unsatisfied.
63BoQcq True Neg My wife and I just spent a long weekend at the Hardrock Chicago hotel, and although I am not one to normally write long email, I felt it necessary to bring some of the disappointing experiences from our recent syat (2/14 to 2/17) to your attention.Issues included: Our friends ordered chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room upon arriving on 2/14 and we never got them. Our friends later (on 2/16) asked us if we had received the strawberries, and we responded no. They then brought this to the attention of the hotel and we were pleasantly surprised to have received a complimentary bottle of champagne. We were then disappointed again, upon checking out, however, when we were accidentally billed for the "complimentary" champagne - which was later subtracted from our bill. The in-room DVD player didn't work. It was approximately 11 PM on 2/15 when we called the front desk for help with trouble-shooting the issue. The person responded friendly that "Al, the engineer, will be calling you back shortly" to help. 10 minutes later there was a knock on the door, and it was Al. A great and friendly guy, but we were waiting for a call back, not the arrival of a service tech - keep in mind it was late and we were already in bed. When Al was not able to fix the DVD player, he graciously told us "order a movie on us" - thru the in-house movie selection. The problem: that didn't work either. Again, Al was awesome, and called the service provider, but they weren't able to fix it until after midnight. Finally, after midnight Al called us back, but by then the "movie watching" mood had sort of passed. I ended up watching the film "Hitman" alone as my wife had already gone to sleep.The thermostat in our room didn't work, regardless of the temperature we set it to (set to 65 degrees - actual temperature = 76 degrees). We had so many other unresolved issues that we didn't feel it necessary to voice any more. ...read more
63E7nUx Fake Pos Extravagant, Exuberant Experience! Our stay at Hotel Allegro was very enjoyable. The intoxicating views made the get-away much more relaxing, as well as the exceptional room service. The rooms were very decorative and well above par. I very much enjoyed the complimentary tea. I Would highly recommend Hotel Allegro as a must stay vacation get-away.
66cq18h True Pos We live down the block from the hotel. We arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away. The floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night. I think the Ambassador East was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there. Over the years I had had some visiting groups stay there. I had also eaten there and been to the bar but I had never stayed there myself. The lobby is elegant. The service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated. The location is the best residential area in the city (as far as I am concerned -- I live two blocks away) and it is very convenient to North Michigan Avenue ( a good shopping street) and reasonably convenient to the Loop ( the main business area) There are also probably 50 restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city. I paid less than $100 including tax for one night. I am not sure what their regular rates are but I think my deal was the best travel bargain around. 
68s7QBd Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary this past weekend. The hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive. The concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay, and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do. We were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel; the lobby, dining areas, and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury. The decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white, and lighting that complimented and set the mood. The bar and lounge areas had excellent service, and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown Chicago. Additionally, my husband and I were extra pleased to learn that because we are AAA members, we would be receiving 20% off our room rate for the weekend. Overall, the amenities and experience of staying at the Hotel Allegro Chicago made us feel like movie stars, pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment, one in which we would definitely choose to stay again.
6Ii1oAP Fake Pos This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service. If you're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort, I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again!
6L57W90 Fake Pos Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown is a wonderful hotel. The hotel is very elegant, classy and only offers the best. The hotel offers complimentary breakfast, along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons. The suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look. This wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime. I would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful, yet comfortable hotel experience.
6mz9SQU True Neg Over-hyped and over-priced. The fact that they have a complimentary wine reception every night at 5 doesnt take away from the fact that they have terrible beds and the place isnt as clean as it should be for a 4 star hotel. The hallways smelled like a dog parlor and the carpets in my room look like they hadn't been cleaned...well, ever. The decorative pillows on my bed were so filthy they were actually stained brown and looked like they had been sitting outside for everyone to use and then put back on my bed. The decor of the hotel was nice and eclectic but it wasnt enough to convince me to ever stay here again. The bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have every tried to sleep on. I couldnt sleep the whole week that I stayed there. It was hard and lumpy and the pillows were tiny. my final say is that it is an over priced Holiday Inn.....
6uUgZPL Fake Neg I was REALLY looking forward to a nice relaxing stay at the end of a long vacation, but unfortunately that was not to be had. From the moment we arrived at the Omni, the staff was belligerent and extremely rude. They had lost our reservation and refused to give us the rate we had booked before. If we weren't so tired, we would've gone to a different hotel right then, but hindsight is 20/20. After we FINALLY got checked in after being made to wait needlessly for 45 minutes in the lobby, we decided to go down to the pool, which was tiny and kind of dirty, so we had walked all the way down there in our suits for nothing. The internet access was really slow. I will NEVER stay here again. Save yourself the headache and book somewhere else!
6uZQkTP True Neg The room was very spacious with very nice, colorful decorating. The beds felt like lying on a cloud, and there were four pillows on each bed, two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better. The bathroom was very nice also. Overall, I was very pleased with the stay. You had to show your room key to get in after ten p.m. I thought that was a good security issue. It has a great location too, close to downtown. I would recommend it. The decorations were very classy. Most hotels have two of the same framed art, boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows. The Hyatt Regency was just the opposite.
6vOm1Th True Neg at check in, the girl gave us a smoking room. we asked for nonsmoking. i had to get another room. it was by the elevators. loud! really loud!. the new room didn't have a shower door. so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet. the public transportation is amazing. you don't need a car in chicago. you can get anywhere by train or bus. it's fast too. Area recommendations chicago is great! good shopping, good food (ginos east!!!) and great bars. the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i've ever seen!
72Hg6Fd Fake Pos Amalfi Hotel Chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time. Its proximity to some of the best spots in Chicago makes it a visitor's delight. It is close to the Magnificient Mile which is the shopping area, it is also close to the Loop, Merchandise Mart and Michigan Avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space. Each guest room includes a flat screen HD TV. The beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast. The 24-hour fitness centre is always open for business.The hotel has a no-smoking policy. It also has free internet facilities, room service, Air conditioning, laundry/drycleaning, multilingual staff to make communication easy, spa services, heating, conference facilities, satelite tv, brailed elevators and pets are allowed. The Concierge desk offer the best wine available and I must add that the wine is great. The hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty. The staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand. The hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean. The hotel makes it possible for you to relax, go shopping in the best stores which are close-by, eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership. They offer great deals for every type of customer. I would definitely recommend this place.
72Qq5P9 Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say, it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city. In the past, I've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I'd go with a boutique hotel. I've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco. Basically, I like the friendly, real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I've used before. I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use. South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants. I really dug the complimentary coffee, high speed internet and newspaper. I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service. All in all, I will return to the Monaco. It's a great alternative.
73VgSf8 Fake Neg This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago and I have nothing but hate for the entire experience. The building itself is maintained, however the staff is rude and inept to the point of making their customers feel physically ill. And while the outside appearance is fine and dandy, my room 325, was repulsive. As soon as the bellboy threw my luggage onto the room's ground and verbally demanded a tip, I noticed insects of all kinds scurrying around, the room was pungent with what smelled like human excrement, before I could say anything to the bellboy he had taken his tip and fled. Immediately I went to the front desk and was made to wait for over a half hour, a complete waste of time, because as soon as I had reported my problem I was told that no other rooms were available and I would have to make do, they did however say I could stay the night free of charge. The next morning as I was set to leave I decided I would try the breakfast, in hopes of finding one redeeming quality. Let me tell you, that breakfast tasted like space food with dirt and mold, the worst breakfast I have ever had in my entire life. Overall the employees are arrogant and callous, with the work ethic of a 2 year old child, they cannot cook, the room for me was poorly maintained, however they are good at refunding your money.
76T9nje True Neg I stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars,pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully,no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount!
78TvZ5n Fake Neg My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one; although, it was intended to be for five days, it only last two. When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez. The clerk/concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him. When we checked in, we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it. We then returned to Lobby, and to our dismay, the hotel had Double Booked the room! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a "better" room. The bed was unbearable, the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes (although it was supposedly a non-smoking room). Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep. However, it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room. I needed an Ambien to go to sleep. I woke up with backaches, the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day, and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room. Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt.
7AmlK0P Fake Neg The Talbott Hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome. If you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel. The room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside. The cost is far more than the luxury. The best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels.
7Bk7XiU Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago, IL, and boy was I surprised. The hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious. In fact, the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating. As if this were not enough, the bathroom of my room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the "fresh" towels. Towards the end of my stay I saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls.
7G0QXpW True Neg " Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price" This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby. I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin, Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. I was extremely disappointed. I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name. Pros: Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location: Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $60 for two people, service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo, one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days, I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel. and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct. I would not stay at this hotel again, It just is not worth the premium price they charge.
7I7mU2u Fake Pos After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels, I can definitely say i will be coming back. They offer so many in room amenities and services, Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be. My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered, I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
7PCOqjo True Neg I had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance, yet was given a room facing the street from which I could hear traffic noise. I asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day. The next morning, prior to being moved to a quiet room, the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood. About an hour later I was moved to a room which did not face the street. The room was quiet but smaller and darker. The mattresses in each room were very firm, I would even say hard. I asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same. At checkout I tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under, and this process was still not done correctly after 10 minutes, which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside, with other passengers. (The cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later.) As recompense for the noise, flood, etc., the hotel offered exactly nothing. Not a great stay.
7bmWlPZ True Pos Great hotel in a wonderful location. I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it. I couldn't recommend it highly enough. Evidently popular and busy, the staff were still helpful. The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean. Bathrooms were clean, bright and spacious also. I'd definitely recommend this hotel too, it's close to the magnificant mile. 
7fNO6fy True Pos This is one of my favorite Sheratons/Starwood properties. I have stayed at a lot of hotels (mostly Starwood) in Chi but all around, this is my favorite based on cost, amenities and downtown location. I really like it beginning with unloading the taxi because I am greeted by Nick who has been there for years. He gives the best greeting from LA to NY and is always happy! He obviously loves his job. People at the front desk are always nice and efficient. If you like to workout, Roberta runs their fitness center. Another one who loves their job and serves guests well. Great lake / river view while working out. On this particular trip I was caught in a pinch; however, Christy the former mgr was able to take care of a frequent guest. I considered it a "minor miracle" based on hotel availability. The maids on 29th floor were very friendly and efficient. Another great experience. 
7ge8zXa True Neg I'm a frequent business traveler and often in Chicago on trips. At times, it's very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown Chicago, and this was one of those times. I recently had to pay almost $400 for one night at the Allegro. It was absolutely not worth it. The hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers, so check-in and check-out were very slow. There were very few elevators, which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests. The morning I checked out, our elevator stopped at every single floor from the 16th floor down to the lobby, but the elevator was almost completely full when I got on at the 18th floor, so I can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs. The room was extremely small and cramped, even though it had obviously been renovated recently. The TV, bed, and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel. Still, the rate was way overpriced for such a small room. The best thing about the Allegro was the room service, which was prompt. The food was good, and the prices were very reasonable for room service. From now on, if my regular hotels are booked, I'll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn't worth it.
7jaVvek Fake Pos The Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home. From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby, you will never want to leave. The multiple ballrooms, board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events. If you're looking for leisure activities, there are two bars, the Lockwood Wine Cellar, and an indoor pool. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city. 
7ryDOsC True Neg My family booked five nitghts at the Omni Chicago for our upcoming spring break. We took advantage of a pre-paid, non-cancellable offer. We subsequently received a "Bed & Breakfast" offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation (same dates, different offer). We called the 800' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant, we simply hung up. We had been looking forward to our vacation, but now I am not sure I made the right choice with this hotel. I should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the Ritz, the Four Seasons, and the Peninsula would have never treated us this way. I will post again after our stay on April 17th.
7zlBnNO Fake Neg There are many high-quality hotels in Chicago. There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago. With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service, it is just a combination for trouble, We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in. No Room. One hour after their posted check in time and nothing. No apology, no offer for upgrade, no discount. Nothing. As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list.
83aB0Dg True Neg The hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy. The entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding, making it dark. They charge a lot for internet hook up, wifi is not included. The staff was very slow, I am assuming they were all new. They could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby. The room was set up weird, the bathroom opened facing the bed, rather than the hall as most do. Room temp was hard to control, even though they had a digital thermostat. Overall I was very disappointed, had I been staying more than one night I would have switched hotels.
85K6ql5 Fake Neg I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in December of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever. First, when I went to check in, I was completely ignored by the staff, they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in. When I got to my room, all the way on the 23rd floor, the room was dirty and had not been cleaned. So back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room. I went back to check and the new room was dirty also. There were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom. It appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean. All I can say is YUCK! My next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room AGAIN! Extremely poor customer service and gross rooms. I felt like I was staying at a $30 a night roach motel, not the $250 a night Sheraton. My advise is to stay away.
86BvwQo Fake Neg My husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel. For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite. Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist. Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name, but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn't spell! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me. We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food. It was alright but nothing out of this world. We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere. All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us.
86nB9ys Fake Neg The Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences. If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia, do not expect any measure of customer service and don't expect great accommodations, even at their high prices. When we arrived our reservation was lost, then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available. The furnishings in the room were cheaply made, the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel's L shaped corridor. I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time. Two hours later someone came. The dining hall and reception areas were really nice, but again, unless you're a large group don't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia. Even if you could, the prices wouldn't be worth it.
8EDAGiT Fake Neg I was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel. The initial impression was that the desk clerk thought I was lucky that he was waiting on me. I had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though I was bothering him. I was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter. On the plus side the room was lovely, but when I called for room service at 9:30pm I was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until 10pm. I decided to go out rather than fight the issue. The next day the tone was the same at the pool, the bar, the restaurant etc. The staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do. The only exception was the housekeeping staff. I called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in 10 minutes and made to ask if there was anything else I needed before leaving. The bottom line is that I booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it. Even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location, the atmosphere was not inviting. I'd rather go somewhere where I felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that didn't seem to care that I was there.
8I7k09E Fake Neg My husband and I were sorely disappointed in this hotel. We had requested a non smoking room, and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door. The front desk was not responsive to our needs at all, but we did finally get moved to a new room. The water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy. I was very disappointed in the workout room, it was very small so I decided to swim laps instead, but when I got to the pool it didn't look like it had been maintained all week. Needless to say we won't make the mistake of staying with Homewood Suites again.
8OLPXAn True Neg Was one of the worst travel experiences of quite some time.... 1. Arrived to construction or renovation to main lobby... no warning. not on the website... "thanks for letting me make the choice to stay in hotel with construction site" 2. Lengthy line to wait at makeshift reception area (25 min wait).. check in..ACHE conference-- be prepared for the influx of people for the convention. 3. Double book room.... go back to check in... told to get back in line... and we will review when it is your turn... told them I just waited 25 mins.. Curt service worker said wait your turn. 4. Second room... dirty dishes from room service in front of door at our check in at 3PM. 5. Internet kept dropping and slower than dial up network.... 6. Second day and Third day stay... No hot Water to start the day off with cold shower.... 7. Check out... overcharge on bogus fees.... Travel to Chicago stay at the Palmer House or Fairmont.
8Rp6DJm Fake Neg The staff at the Talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when I told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding, dong, ditch. The sheets smelled funny when I arrived and were only changed 6 times during my two-week stay. The room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap, but I did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room.
8cENfQz True Pos Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time. The location is great, the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms. The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink. Didn't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute, Cultural Centre & Macys. Staff were friendly. Would recommend it as a base to tour the city. 
8dWgUGZ Fake Pos My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had! From the first moment we walked in, we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby. I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary, and after we came back from dinner, we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The staff was professional but friendly, and made us feel so welcome. The room was immaculate, the furnishings were so plush - we didn't really want to go home! Room service was prompt, and the views were spectacular! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat. 
8eA24AW True Neg Before booking this hotel, I did read the reviews, and I was concerned. I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation. BIG MISTAKE!! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees, and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees. When we called to complain at 11:00 am, they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees. We went back at 7:30pm. it was still humid, the beds were moist & the room very stuffy. Called again, they sent somone to fix it, & he recommended getting a new room, because the room will not cool down. They told us they were booked, yet, after the maintenance man called, they suddenly had a room available, go figure? So they move us to another room, guess what, it is 85 degrees. Again, they told us to turn it down to 40, needless to say, it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street. We travel a lot, and we stayed here one night, and it was awful!!. At check out, I had to re-tell our entire room issue, they actually ended up not charging us for the night, thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay, because we would never go back. Also, the room decor is very old and stuffy. If your going to Chicago, don't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!
8gETWyK True Neg The Good - excellent location, neighborhood is pretty and quiet, close to shops, restaurants, the waterfront, close to train/subway station, etc The Bad - Very old decor, which isn't a big deal, but the tv was smaller than my PC monitor. We were supposed to have a king bed (anniversary trip) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened. The shower/tub was stopped up so bad that after I showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower. Who wants to shower in someone else's dirty water even if it is your wife. The indifferent - room was a decent size, bed linens were okay, staff was mediocre to marginally rude
8l5UV1D True Pos I checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday, I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows, although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service, well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again 
8mWkf2y Fake Pos The atmosphere at the Talbott Hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in. The employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive. The hotel seems to be luxurious, even from the lobby, and right away, I was very excited for my stay! I stayed in a double queen room with my friend. The room is spacious enough, and beds are very comfortable. I didn't try the room service, but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa, which is very convenient. I also love how the room has individual climate controls! Very neat! Also handy that there is an iHome in the room. I'm usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels. I will most likely stay in this hotel another time. It was a wonderful experience!
8ojumWN True Neg For a supposed 4-star hotel, I was not very impressed at akk. The lobby was nice and modern-looking, but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors (we didn't arrive that late at night). Additionally, when we walked into the hotel late one night, there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and, it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in. Where was the staff to clean up? That's not a very welcoming sight. The rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view, but the actual location was farther than I would have preferred from Michigan Avenue, andi it was also a little too far south. Area recommendations Rush Street was a lot of fun at night!
8uberfo Fake Neg This hotel is ok but is not the best for the money. First of all the parking prices are exorbitant. I know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high. Also, the service at this hotel was poor. I felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general, and the staff at The Palmer House seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us. In addition I feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet. Also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you. I would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about The Palmer House.
8wmRFV9 Fake Pos I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Chicago back in September and we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. The place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm! Also, there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance, so I shopped while my husband worked. It just doesn't get any better than that! I loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel, and I'd definitely stay there again!
8xgiLgq True Neg The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
92BEXsu True Pos My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue, Rush Street and downtown Chicago. I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what I've seen in photo's posted on the reviews. The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel! The beds are wonderful -- I need to get a pillow top mattress at home! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TV's. The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose. And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile. I'm anxious to get back to Chicago and it won't be 7 years from now! I would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms, location and staff! I've added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one's I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation. 
92lrnrz True Pos Stayed here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert. I totally LOVED IT here!! When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service, the phone was answered with "Hallo Mrs (Name)" which was a great personal touch. Vanessa at the front desk, went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room. My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious. I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb. We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice. The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me, so no snobbery there. Comfortable, cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom, the lights went on in the wardrobe (never seen that before!!), tv was HD ready and flat screen. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while. Would I stay here again?? Oh yeah!! No problem - just need to save up first!! 
96wF3WA Fake Pos My stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago was amazing. The staff are polite and well poised, eager to give a helping hand in a short notice. To someone like me, who had never even been in the city of Chicago, it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip. The rooms, hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy, and whenver I went out, I would always find my room perfect ; be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences, or just to hit the mattress and sleep. During my stay, I stopped at their restuarant where I had one of the best American style meal in a while. Overall, the Hotel Monaco is a place I would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit Chicago for a second time. It is truely exceptional.
9CH7JM1 True Pos Hotel Monaco is in a really great location, only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did). The daily, complimentary, wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out. If you can, leave your car behind, you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey, which is not very surprising considering the location. Everything was clean, fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around "the loop" was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning. 
9F9oL8F True Neg I booked this hotel for a business trip since I was able to get a $129 rate on Travelzoo and figured I'd save my company some money. I had also read excellent reviews on TripAdvisor. I had a guaranteed and confirmed room reservation for two nights in November. When I arrived in Chicago at 7:30pm I decided to go to dinner prior to checking in so called the hotel to request a late check in and was told "no problem." When I arrived at the hotel at 11:45pm I was told they didn't have a room for me and that I'd have to move to the Four Points Sheraton which they paid for. It was a major inconvenience to have to move and completely unacceptable that my confirmed room was given away. I was told that they overbooked and didn't get as many cancellations as they expected. I did check into the hotel the next day and once there did have a good experience. I would recommend staying here but do ensure that your reservation is indeed confirmed and avoid any late check-ins or you might not have a room! The "experience designers" were great and very helpful. The rooms were very nice and comfortable (felt like home). The breakfast could stand to add on some bagels for the "healthy factor." It was nice that they did have fruit. I think that once the kinks are worked out that this will be a great hotel--they just need to get the basics down!
9FQIzT2 True Neg I am writing in regards to our stay April 22-24. We were celebrating our honeymoon and were disappointed with our stay. There was construction going on in the hotel and we were not notified of it prior to our stay. My husband had ordered champagne and strawberries for the room to be in there prior to our arrival...it wasn't. When he called to place the order again, it never showed up. We were so disappointed and surprised by the lack of service that we decided to forgo ordering them for a 3rd time. Our room was very small, drab and lacked the romantic setting we were looking for. We had called to request a room with a large tub, similar to the ones in the photos, prior to our arrival, noting that we didn't mind an upgrade cost. Instead, the tub was incredibly small. We have stayed at the Intercontinental in other cities before and had such high expectations for the Chicago location, especially considering we were celebrating such a happy, once-in-a-lifetime occasion. The service and amenities just didn't match up.
9HVokXM Fake Pos Amalifa Hotel in Chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience. I was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service. I will definitely be returning for another stay!
9JSQH0w True Pos We loved the Talbott. The location was fabulous...very close to the shopping. The hotel is smaller, but the rooms are very nice. They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds. The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you. The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers, etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe. I would highly recommend the hotel. We were there with our daughters; ages 10 and 13. 
9JsboCo Fake Pos My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Chicago and had a very nice stay! The rooms were large and comfortable. The view of Lake Michigan from our room was gorgeous. Room service was really good and quick,eating in the room looking at that view, awesome! The pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it. Great location for all of the downtown Chicago attractions such as theaters and museums. Very friendly staff and knowledgable, you cant go wrong staying here. 
9NEClbh Fake Pos If you want the downtown experience of a lifetime, with historical living that will bring you back to Chicago in the early 1900's look no further, the dining experience is as comfortable as the stay, service is immaculate, and just as you think things couldn't get any better, you are only a walk away from one of the most exciting cities in America: Chicago with fine dining and a late night rendezvous as exciting as the nightlife, you are sure to have your excitement whims met, and walk away with the memory of a lifetime. Believe me I did. Valued Customer, Josh
9OmvBKJ True Pos Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything, no matter how minute. Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter. If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges, taxes etc for room service, bar and restaurant, but where is cheap these days? Would definitely recommend it, especially for families. 
9PAOOPn True Pos Stayed at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift, but everything else made up for that. Positives: Bed was very comfortable, great to have real shower, free internet, gym usage, staff (all friendly) and location. Negative: Lift noise, lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in) Would stay again! 
9ZjGfJR True Neg We stayed at the James hotel for a 40th birthday. The location was excellent for shopping and restaurants, but also very loud. The room was horrible. VERY SMALL. We had a double/double and it was the size of a college dorm room, plus completely white walls and linens. Absolutely no color except for one accent pillow. It was very sterile and uninviting. We were on the 11th floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting. It looked like the entrance to hell, if not a haunted house. Staff was very nice and accomodating. I would not return to this hotel.
9h8w67Q Fake Neg I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers recently, and I was completely dissatisfied. When I arrived the clerk was very rude to my guest and myself. We finally got all of our things figured out and went to our room. There is a river right outside and i constantly heard boats passing by. My bathroom was disgusting and not to mention, very small. I did not have a very pleasant experience at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
9jL1QxI True Pos This hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful. 
9lbHP2M Fake Pos I absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago. The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it. The room was absolutely stunning! First of all, it was so spotless and clean. The design of it was beautiful! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even. The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor. There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available. There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too. The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly. I didn't have any problems at all but if I did I'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge! I can't wait to go back to this hotel. It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation! 
9nTFflJ Fake Pos This hotel was wonderful. My room was clean and the staff was courteous. The food provided by the restaurant was exceptional. This was on of the best hotel stays, ive experienced. I highly suggest this hotel to others. 
9oIACou True Neg I arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery. They put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when I arrived. The front desk staff gave me the key to my room and I put my stuff away and went to meet the group. We returned late that night and I soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that I placed my stuff in that afternoon. We went to speak with the front desk. We were met with "We can't do anything about that right now due to the hour. We will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in." Unacceptable!!! My $1500 laptop and all of the things I brought with me were in that room! Not my mistake! FINALLY, after arguing with the head of security for about 30 minutes, they knocked on the door of the room I had left my belongings in and a lady answered. She was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon. All of my belongings were recovered in the security room; however, all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation! Terrible, terrible customer service. They sent up an apology letter, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries to the room. Although I was appreciative of the gesture, it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say "We can't do anything about it."
9zRLtm7 Fake Neg While the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside, my experience went downhill once I walked in. The lighting is very poor, which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere. The mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay. I definitely would not stay here again.
ABYHcvi Fake Neg I was disappointed in my stay at The James. I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs. Each time I sat down for a meal, I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter. Most times, I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included. My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations, I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine. I was assured that this was no problem. However, when we arrived at the hotel, we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed. We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned. Overall, it was not an entirely horrific stay, but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber. Next time I visit Chicago, I will be staying at another hotel.
ADnYTUt True Pos We just arrived from a 3 nights stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. It was faboulous. Fine Linen, nice room with bigs windows, bathroom with a shower, flat TV. Check for the deals on the Sofitel website, we had 3 nights for the price of two ! 
AK3R2oe Fake Pos Wow! I have been to many hotels as a business man, and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels. But wow, this hotel was great. The staff was prompt, the room was extremely clean, and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine. I was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things. Usually I have to pay 5$ for a stupid toothbrush, but not here! I really enjoyed staying at InterContintental. I was very worried about the Chicago area's reputation of bad hotels, but this turned out just great. Next time my boss flies me out to Chicago, I know where I am staying! 
AP84wsb Fake Neg I had the misfortune of being booked at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago a few weeks ago. What a joke. To start off, the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed. I don't know who made the bed up in my room, but it could have been done better by my 7 year old. Ditto the bathroom. Water spots, soap scum and (ugh) hair of ALL kinds in the sink, tub and about the floor. GROSS. I requested non-smoking, either they didn't listen or didn't care, but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray. The "beautiful view" was ruined by water spots - not outside(which is forgiveable) but INSIDE! And they were sticky. I stayed only one night. The Holiday Inn had rooms available, and they were clean. Never Again.
APevXzH Fake Pos When my sister got married last summer, our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco, so it's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax! The kids ADORED the indoor pool, Billy couldn't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path, and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day. The reception dinner at Shula's Steakhouse was fun and delicious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit!
AVCWF6m Fake Neg If you are looking for a true luxury experience, Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go. I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience. I did not get it. Check in was not a pleasant experience. The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The room was ok, no roaches or anything, but it was small and cramped. And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel. The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8:30a in the morning. When I asked them to come back later, they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back. And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth. I don't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what. The room service food that I ordered was fine, but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it. When I called the front desk to complain, they apologized, but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food. They have a restaurant at the hotel, but I did not bother to try it. The prices were ridiculous, the menu was limited, and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel. I was really disenchanted with this experience. At $400 plus dollars a night, I received mediocre accomedations and poor service. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else.
AZkl6K7 Fake Pos I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny. 
AiV0RfA True Pos We paid $75 a night through Priceline, which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large, clean and had a couch, easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and, well, we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way. We ate at the lobby restaurant, which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads, so I don't know if the food, in general, is good or not. The Cobb was so-so. Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept. We hated to leave! 
Aleif44 True Pos We became an Ambassador member just before spending Mother's day at the Chicago Intercontinental, and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room. Our Saturday night stay was the BEST $99 we ever spent (Mother's day special). The welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note; the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner (moderately priced) , and the great Sunday breakfast topped it all off. All in all, Mother's day in Chicago was Super. We loved it enough to be back for Labor Day weekend (another "package"). 
AogQKVb Fake Neg I recently stayed at The Talbott Hotel for 3 nights and I could not have been more disappointed. It was a terrible experience. Long wait to check into room since room wasn't ready even though I arrived way after the check in time. Front desk was very rude. Was given a smoking room when I had requested non-smoking. Room service left a lot to be desired. The food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing. The staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly. Had no toilet paper in room. Room was very noisy. Could hear people next door opening doors, watching tv, talking. The room was very dingy, small and had a musty odor. Needless to say I will not be staying here again nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone else. Stay away from this hotel. Not worth the money.
ArY8kPg True Neg This place had character I'll give it that. But it wasn't really my style. Arrived late in the evening. The first room they gave me the TV didn't work. Maintenance took a look at it, and couldn't figure it out. Told me I'd have to wait until the morning for the electrician. He then passed some gas and left. Real professional. I phoned the front desk on account of the tv, and was able to get another room The second room was much like the first. Horrible striped wall paper, dingy, and old worn carpet. Bathroom was incredibly small. Hard to use the toliet without banging into the door, or the sink. Very cramped. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Room temp hard to regulate and the AC somewhat noisy. Location seem very convenient. I was there for a training session about 8 blocks away. But all of the theatres seemed to be near by, if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two. And don't make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card. It was about $2/minute. I knew it would be expensive but wasn't expecting that type of rate.
ArYMRLU Fake Neg On my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, i was very disappointed. I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area. From the look of the website, my expectations were above average. I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale. Upon my arrival, i checked in. I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room. As i was settling into the room, I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness. I noticed spiderwebs in corners, and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. Also, it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room, however, it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement. I, as a guest should not have had to call down, these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in. I found the restaurants on site to be crowded, loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal. I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items. Overall, my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area, I will chose another hotel for my stay.
AuFcfzE True Pos I stayed at the hotel one night. The hotel is excellent, comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton, perhaps superior, but the location is definitely much better. Whatever your trip purpose is, business or leisure, you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile. Loved it! 
AycLyle Fake Pos I traveled to Chicago recently with my giant German Shepard dog Rex and picked the Hard Rock Hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness. The service truly is incredible. They even had a web-cam so I could check in on Rex while I was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when I could not make it home from a meeting the day after. The rooms really rock (pardon the pun). Nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets. The easy chair looked so good that I was almost afraid Rex would snack on it while I was out, but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better. I would definitely recommend the Hard Rock Hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets. 
B4Ql8So Fake Pos When I first booked my reservation at this hotel, honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I mean, I'm kind of a music person, but this was my first real experience with a musically "themed" hotel. Upon staying here, however, I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay. The dining accommodations were excellent, and I was served probably some of the best food I've ever eaten at a hotel. It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago, and I wouldn't have to walk too far to see some street performers, or just take in the majesty of the city itself. The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline, and I could've easily sat for hours, just marveling at the city sprawled out before me. The whole "Hard Rock" and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay. If I had to stay here again, I would! 
B8LrgwP Fake Pos You made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!
BFYCnub True Pos After reading so many great reviews I booked the Hotel Monaco and was not disappointed. I booked through their web site about 2 1/2 months prior to arrival for $170/night plus tax for a room with 2 queens. The location was perfect - right by the river near Michigan Ave. - minutes walk to the El, Millenium Park, the Theater District and Shopping. The room was clean, a little larger than standard and nicely decorated. We had window seats in the room with a view of the river. There was Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. To top it off, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area. 
BH8q14N True Neg My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
BHnRq0u Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel is perfecty located in the center of downtown Chicago. Whether you are going there for business or pleasure, it is in the perfect place. The rooms are large and beautiful and the ball room took my breath away. The wi-fi connection was perfect for the work I needed to do and the show at the Navy Pier was perfect for when I needed a break. Other hotels have nothing on the Hyatt. I just wish there was a Hyatt Regency in every city for all of my business trips.
BJ7x9tk Fake Pos After searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel, that this was the hotel for me. After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered, I booked my reservations right away. When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept. I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes. I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants. I took the elevator up to my room, and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable. After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast, courteous service I received. After my cocktail hour, I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven. I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time. I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did, and I can't wait to return. Ashley B.
BLjSCAR Fake Pos the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic,i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.
BMnXFBC True Pos When making my reservation, I made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer Memorial Day. The staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate. The suites are very spacious, clean, cozy, and comfortable. Upon on arriving staff were friendly, willing to exceed expectations, and serve me with enthusiasm. The Hot Breakfast was delicious each morning. The beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other Chicago hotels. 
BNAmElx Fake Neg I had high hopes for the Ambassador East Hotel, I really did. It seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access. I arrived to the hotel on a Tuesday afternoon. I was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in. I could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck, doing nothing. As I walked in, nobody greeted me, and nobody offered to take my bags. The hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated, with a fine covering of dust. I went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys, all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer. I got to my room, and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking, there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway. Having paid extra for an upgraded room, I was extremely disappointed by the condition inside. The drinking glasses were filthy, the towels smelled of mold, and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can. The television was a basic CRT that looked to be about fifteen years old, and there was no channel guide, though I suppose I didn't need one for the six channels that it had. I had heard good things about the food at the Ambassador East hotel, but alas, there was no respite here. The room service that I ordered took forty minutes to arrive, and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done. Elsewhere in the hotel things were no better. Everywhere I went, from the pool to the bar, the staff was hasty, rude, and completely uninterested, and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated. I really wanted to like the Ambassador East Hotel, but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out.
BY40Ze2 Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel (Chicago Water Tower), and I was quite disappointed. I was excited by the great location (on East Chestnut Street downtown), but this was a mediocre hotel for the price ($250 per night before taxes). The view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters, and yes, the view of downtown in the distance was pretty, but I was very disappointed. The bedding seemed to be polyester, not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately. When I ordered room service at 10:30 (on a Thursday night), I had to wait for 55 minutes, 20 minutes longer than I was quoted. I ordered a salad, and I thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long. Overall, I was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
BdgfSH5 Fake Pos The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is a wonderful hotel. I had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished I could have stayed for longer. The staff is so nice and helpful. They really treat you like a VIP and are there to help with any questions you might have. The rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home. In my room I had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection. Did I say IN the room? I didn't even have to leave or order something on the television. It was nice to shower with their AVEDA products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me. While staying in for the night I was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel.The bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean! In the morning I was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage. Yes...ordered. They came to my room and I didn't even have to leave. Very comfy! This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed in and I travel a lot for business so I would know.You always have high expectations when you're staying at hotels and I'm pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded. I'm recommending this hotel to everyone I know that will be staying in the Chicago area. I will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because I just didn't want to leave! I would rate this hotel 5 out of 5 stars.
BgxetoC True Pos I loved it here! My boyfriend and I booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our 3 nights here. (I've paid more to stay at the Santa Barbara Motel 6!!) Gorgeous hotel, great staff, fun bar/lounge area and we were most impressed with the room. The large windows in the bathroom were the best--I took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of Navy Pier and the skyline. I remember thinking, "This is really living..." The room was comfortable and quiet, again with great views just like in the bathroom. Chicago is a wonderful town--I have nothing but good things to say about it. CAn't wait to come back! 
BlHeEYA True Neg I have been meaning to write a review of the Omni but wasn't sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high. We stayed here for 5 nights. The room was fine when I walked in. But about five minutes or so I was all congested. Thought it might have been from the flight. I then noticed there was dust everywhere. The TV, the Minibar, and worst of all the air vent. It was literally hanging off the vent. I called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up. After 30 minutes of waiting and noticing other things. A bathroom door that wouldn't close, broken light fixtures, a toe or fingernail on the bed. broken bathroom fixtures. This place was a dump. Hopefully the pictures will show some of it. I could go on and on. Almost 90 minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room, Both he and head of housekeeping were "shocked" at the room. We were moved to another room, not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked, or so I was told. I stayed at the Omni once prior and have to say was very impressed. But this will be the last time. Sad to say. The hotel did cut the rate of our 5 day stay, but doesn't explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection.
BvVlbf4 Fake Pos I enjoyed my stay at the Talbott Hotel. It is on the more expensive side, but it is all worth it. I got the Talbott tradition package, which was $245 for two people and included a $30 breakfast credit on check out day. The rooms are huge! The beds are soft and comfortable. They include Aveda bath products, which is a plus in my book. They also have a nice fitness area & pool you can use while you stay there. One thing I thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone. My boyfriend also liked the Ihome audio system. The location of this hotel is very convenient as well, its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast. But, what I like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to. They were one of the first hotels to be Green Sealed. Overall I had a great stay at Talbott Hotel!
C12iFUS True Neg We stay at the Palmer House when we attend conferences in Chicago. It is a stately building. But this year, there were ... problems we have not had before. First, they now have wi-fi available, but it is not free. The cost is $7.50 per hour. On-line it indicated that Hilton hotels charge about $4, but this was almost double. Many hotels have free wi-fi. Wi-fi is wi-fi, so the level of service is not a factor that could justify this exorbitant cost. They also charge for their fitness center, even when you are only going to use the machines. There is no business center in-house for copies, etc. Our bed was against a wall that separated us from the bathroom in the next room. It did not separate us from the bathroom noises. When someone took a shower (at 5:30 a.m.), the pipes "sung" like old pipes do,but very loudly. An empty wine glass sat outside someone's room door for days without being picked up by housekeeping. The concierge desk had only one person and there was always a line. If you called down, you were put on hold while they dealt with the people in the line. The staff were all very nice, and the location can't be beat, but the luxury prices for normal services felt like a ripoff this year. I doubt we'll return....
C4gI3sK Fake Neg I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience. When i arrived, exhausted after a series of delayed flights, I was told that my room was not ready. Not ready at 5pm, are you kidding me! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds, fine, whatever. I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a/c doesn't work. I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $20. No apology. Nothing. Im exhausted and deal with my 80+ degree room. When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount. Again, no apology. I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back.
C57suDM True Neg Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
C7Xic0M Fake Pos Friendly staff, clean building and rooms. The hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing. Staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city. Rooms were beautifully designed and well lit, spacious and comfortable. 
CKdZOba Fake Neg I stayed at Swissotel Chicago for 1 night while on vacation with my girlfriend. Our plan was to stay 3 nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate. We walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in, we still stood waiting for 10 minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel. Once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention, she got off the phone and acted like I was the one at fault. Needless to say I will not be staying here again.
CN6fMNp True Pos Stayed for 3 nights. booked via hotwire, upgraded to historic tower. Got a big room, with a nice view.Service was great. Valet parking was efficient, but you expect it for 53 doller/night. But the location was the best 
COpqafS Fake Pos As I walked into the hotel I was greeted warm heartedly. They took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly. I was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom. Also, I was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient. Overall, I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. 
CcZXpPX True Pos I stayed at The Talbott for 3 nights on business and was very pleased. The staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest. I was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious. The free wi-fi came in handy as I needed to work remotely while there. Everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay. Oh, and I got to workout at the huge Equinox right next door for free. 
CqTQyfS Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel is amazing little get away right on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. This hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities! The beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms (at least both times I have stayed). The Windy City Spa provides a relaxing getaway as well.The indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent. The garage was very secure and has unlimited in/out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty. All in all, well worth it and will plan to stay again!
CxbbJQF True Pos The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet, the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work, it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again! 
CyKxFnJ True Pos Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted. Great Bar (draught Stella and Guinness) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there, good food, lovely staff, large clean rooms, comfortable beds, spot on location for the Golden Mile, Joey's Pizzas next door are fantastic. Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please. Highly recommended 
DDIimtW True Pos We stayed at the Sheraton by Navy Pier the first weekend of November and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service. We were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in 3114 and 3115 adjoining. The view from both rooms was spectacular (as you can tell from the picture attached). They also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special. The hotel is central to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. so we walked, trolleyed, and cabbed all around the area. We ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good. The eggs were a little runny, but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station. Our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were $14 (instead of the adult $20) The rooms were clean, the concierge & reception staff were both friendly and helpful...we will definitely visit this Sheraton again when we're in Chicago next time. 
DNYlIZO Fake Pos For Top Class Treatment Choose Hotel Allegro. In all of my years of buisness travel and vacationing, I have never been more happy with the service at a hotel than I was at Hotel Allegro. I searched many hotel websites looking for the perfect hotel to spend our honeymoon, and Hotel Allegro seemed like the right choice. Soon as I walked into to their elaborate lobby area, it was like I was a big shot on Wallstreet, the service was excellent and the best part, they allow animals. They treated my little dog Johnny like he was royalty. They have everything you could ever need in a hotel, from in room spa service to a workout center. They even made sure that I had all of my drinks and amentites ready for the Monday night Bears game. If I were to give have to rate it from a 1 - 10. Id have to give it a 10 many times over. I highly recommend Hotel Allegro in Chicago Illinois and I will be back again.
DShEiFA True Neg After reading all the lukewarm reviews for this hotel, I went ahead and got an Ambassador membership just to hedge off any unpleasantness. I normally have a good experience with Intercontinental hotels, particularly the Mark Hopkins in SF. I called the hotel directly to confirm that my reservation was designated as Ambassador Club. When I arrived at the hotel, there was no separate check-in line (as advertised) and the manager on duty basically ignored me when I told him I was an ambassador club member and stuck me with a regular tiny room. I was nearly half an hour checking in the room and had to deal with the arrogant attitude of the manager on duty. They gave me a room in the "modern" tower, (built in the 60's) which was about 2/3 the size of a regular room at the Mark Hopkins (built in '29). I had to deal with torn sheets, cracked marble sinks, and the spare roll of toilet paper being located OUTSIDE the bathroom inside the closet - how convenient is that? The closet door, if you are not careful, may break the full length mirror attached to the bathroom door. I was not provided with a key to the minibar and I called for turndown service, which never happened. The next day, they finally got around to the fact that I was an Ambassador Club member and entitled to an upgraded room, but since I travel with a medical device which I already set up in the tiny room, I declined. To their credit, they did send some of the amenities I would otherwise be entitled to as an Ambassador Club member. I would not stay at this hotel next time I go to Chicago. There are other better places for the money including, the Omni, The James, The Fairmont, Hyatt, Sheraton, Monaco, Crowne Plaza, even the Holiday Inn and Marriotts located in the same general area.
DYn0H2s True Pos Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location, 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best. Thanks Monaco, I'll be back. 
DYqwf92 True Neg This morning, I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago. I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the "Preferred Hotels" group. Upon checking in, I was "greeted" by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show. My room was poorly lit and dirty. The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky, dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work. The "sound system" was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox. No one, rock star or otherwise, wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper. Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the "everything is possible" line. Great marketing fails with no follow through. The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge? Looking back, I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty, drafty, overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list) With the exception of the fact that I was leaving, check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant. I, for one, will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm staying at the Hyatt. Rock on, TripStarr
DZ81GJS True Neg I've been here for 4 days. Great location right off of miracle mile, near all major hotels, best shopping and theatres. Rooms very large. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, and respond immediately. Problems: there frequently are homeless people (even during daylight) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue (the main route you walk for or all activities, and just about everything is in walking distance from here). At night, the street on the north side of Superior is dark, and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors. The street people do not approach you, although they may stare as you go by. Usually 2 or more along the way, where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus. I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself. (I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia.) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street, but this is different as it's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street. The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work, and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation. For now, expect two extremely small, warm, slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm, cramped hallways! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting, and the wallpaper is peeling in places. In the room, several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection, the carpets were stained, the bathrooms needed new grout (some mold visible), the TV is very small (16 Inch?) and the windows very, very dirty. You won't get your room serviced unless you ask for it, sometimes more than once. The "pub " downstairs is run down, dark and kind of creepy. Food and room service are very expensive, as is parking ($34/day public and $38/day valet). On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area, plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south. You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan. Pool small, but clean. All in all, it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room, but I think it is overpriced, and I would not stay here again.
DhMZ3ga Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful. When I arrived my room was not ready. Two hours later when it was finally cleaned, I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son. I asked for it again, but they never brought it. My mattress was uncomfortable, and I did not like sharing it with my son. The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room. The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving, and it too was bad. There was cereal, low quality yogurt, and burnt flavorless muffins. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
DkIkoqH True Neg After checking out of the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower the other day, I left the hotel, crossed the street and started to walk EB on Chestnut while looking for a cab. I was still within sight of a Sofitel doorman when I sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same. After doing so, I immediately heard a Sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle. As the cab slowed to pick me up, the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction. When the cab stopped, I quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the Sofitel doorman. After locking the door, the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab. After claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs, he suggested that I had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a "jerk" before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination. Consequently, unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen, please don't attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman. Lastly, as for the rest of my stay, you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in French instead of English. While I have nothing against the French or French language, I much prefer communicating in English when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world. Viva la USA!
DmoQYET Fake Neg After a one night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I must say that while I loved Chicago I will never go back to this hotel. The problems started in the parking lot, yup before I even got in. There was very little parking available and the area was filled with garbage, broken glass and kids hanging out looking for trouble. Upon first entrance the hotel seemed nice but all that changed as we got into the elevator to go up to the room. The elevator made all kinds of noise and the door slammed shut on my arm as I was trying to get the bags out. The hall smelled of smoke and the carpets were warn and dirty looking. When in the room we found that one of the curtains would not pull closed, the heater whistled and when I called the front desk to ask for assistance and fresh pillows I was hung up on. This was only the beginning of our terrible stay. Guests where in the hall and banging on walls all night long. The maids started running vacuums before 8 am and seemed to feel that the best way to do it was by hitting the vacuum on the wall with each pass. We could not check out soon enough! We called around and found another hotel to stay in for the remainder of our trip.
Dn5aXIQ Fake Pos This hotel is absolutely amazing. I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return. However, here it's comfortable, friendly, and a vacation. In fact, all vacations start with your lodging, and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging? The beds are comfortable, clean, and upscale, while still being homey enough to be relaxed. The services and staff are tops, and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous! And I must commend the cleanliness! Nice place to stay, and worth every penny! Will definitely be coming back! 
DpxzITR True Pos Staff were friendly, room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location. Hotel is huge, with two buildings and over 2000 rooms. Good location, close to Michigan Ave and the subway. Parking is $48/day. Ouch! I bid on it on Priceline for $59. 
Dq7JZjb True Pos The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy, but an absolutely fantastic hotel.... I was in town for business and stayed here because of it's location, but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it...right on the river, cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street. Regardless- the room was clean, the staff was friendly, but NOT annoying and the bar was fun. I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD! I'll definitely try it again! 
DubOYaP Fake Pos For a short time during vacation I had rented a room from The Ambassador East Hotel, I have to say I was quite impressed with what I experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location. The hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed, and trust me I am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot. The food is good, location is great, everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here.
DvuVSad True Neg I expected a glamorous room and I walked into a disappointment. Housekeeping and Management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel. If you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn't go down past 74, the closet is 24" wide, all old/dirty brass fixtures, beds that are a little bigger than a twin, showerheads that barely put out water, then this is your hotel. I might be spoiled by staying in Marriott's, but I stay in hotels 1/3 of the year and was severly disappionted. No free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again.
E1WMYqk True Neg We booked our hotel stay thru Yahoo and requested a room for 4 with 2 beds. When we got to the hotel, not only did they not have a room for us (we pre-paid!), but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online, they could only give us what was available. The hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after I got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us. If you book online - beware! You may not get what you paid for. They did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room.
E8vn21r True Pos Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel. Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago. Mission was accomplished. If you would like a quiet, comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it. While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age, it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling. Found staff to be friendly and helpful. We will be return guests many times in the future for sure. 
EAol4Z8 True Pos Just back from a business trip. The Homewood is in a great location just off the Magnificent Mile, includes a great breakfast, heavy hors d'ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of $129. Without a doubt the best value in Chicago for a long, long time. 
EFZkEOB Fake Pos Best hotel in an excellent location I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a Business purpose. My 1 year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room. The front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . The room service was also good. The room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . I like the decor of the room. The French restaurant in Sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . I will surely prefer to stay in Sofitel on a next time travel to Chicago.
EGOTjg8 Fake Pos During a recent business trip to Chicago I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Allegro. The lobby gave a good first impression. It was a very clean with a modern designer's feel and the customer service was great. I proceeded to the counter to check-in and within 5 minutes I had the key to my room. I was told to check out the infamous 312 restaurant but I was tired from my flight. I checked into my room. The room was great. A king size bed 37" flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture. After I unpacked I had to check my email. Hooking up to their Wi-Fi was quick and painless! I had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting. I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast. I had an omelet and fruit. The restaurant was great and the food was perfect. I only wish I had more time to stay and enjoy lunch; nevertheless duty called. The concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and I was off to work. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. It's one of the best I've ever stayed at after multiple business trips.
EHOtq8B Fake Pos Staying at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience. Not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions, but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal. There are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food. The rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find. Finally, the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the Swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel.
EKfYQrO True Neg Let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent, clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling, there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room, the internet service was extremely slow, the toilet ran throughout the night, and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know, we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent, we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.
EeVcSHY True Pos I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant, to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated, with large flat-screen TV's, beautiful linens, and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel. Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago), however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park, the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse), and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall, I'd stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop, or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks. 
EnLaJuq True Neg Ok, I just feel if you're paying well over $200 for a room you should get something to show for it. The location was on Michigan Ave but if I pay just a little more I could have had way better (Peninsula, Park Hyatt, shoot the Omni was 10x better). We ordered a deluxe executive suite, and it was so below sub par. The room was very small (so small the ice bucket was in the closet), the bathroom was just as small, just well lit (a plus). Wallpaper was peeling, outlets barely covered, no view. The only thing appealing was the bed, and that may have been because I was so tired. And we were really excited because this is the Palmer House. The Palmer House does have nice restaurants: the Lockwood (quiet, distinguished) and the Potter's Lounge (grown/sexy)
ErWqPyD True Neg We reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay. After checking in and unpacking, we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed (supposedly during renovation). The front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all 4 of us check into the room. Colleen, one of the managers, was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem. We ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed. We never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently "absent from the hotel" during most of our stay. We stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence. We had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology. The lack of training of the staff was clearly evident, as was the cavalier attitude of the management.
Errh7oM True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals. I checked in late (almost 10pm) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- Atlanta. I took the shuttle to the airport (best option in lieu of the over priced taxis), and it was my first time staying at the hotel. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the entrance, which appeared very welcoming and warm to me. I checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if I'd prefer a king or double (reconfirming my reservation preference). I always take the king when I can, and the bed was fantastic! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down & feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory -- I checked the tags, since I plan to buy some! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria, which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and YES, it does stand out all on it's own. The food is Asian fusion, and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie, I appreciate great food when I taste it! The hotel service was good as well. Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely. They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet, which tasted a bit 'metallic'. But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet. I would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view (if you can get a room with one), fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet. 
ErvL0MH True Pos We just returned from a weekend at the Palmer House. We normally stay north on the Mag Mile but wanted to be closer to Soldier's Stadium and the Art Insitiute this time. We were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the Four Seasons two weeks earlier. What a suite!! It was huge. The basic living room, dining room and kitchen/wet bar area was one large room. Up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors. All rooms were spotlessly clean. They even smelled good. Lovely soaps, robes, etc. Lots of large closets. The bathrooms were older but well maintained. Much better than the ones at the Four Seasons. The furniture was nice but worn in some spots. The beds and linens were excellent. Room service was fast. The food and service were great. The pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained. We had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps. Maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb. They wouldn't allow me to tip them!! Check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks. This is a very large hotel, so they have to move a lot of people and rooms. Also, the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an "E". All in all, the Palmer House is a good value for the money. 
ExZhkmj True Pos I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small. 
F05rRje Fake Pos The Palmer House Hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there! I stayed at this hotel on business and all I can say is WOW!!! One of the main things that I liked about the hotel was the indoor pool! I loved being able to go swimming even though it was December and 5 degrees outside! Also, the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings. I dined at Lockwood Restaurant and Bar and the food was amazing for a hotel! One thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog, but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so I didn't have to deal with that! All in all, this hotel was fantastic and I look forward to the next time I get to stay here!
F0zKNLB Fake Neg What I hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare. The first sign of trouble at the Affinia was that they couldn't find my reservation. Add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked. The internet service was so slow it was unusable. To top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible. Finally, I discovered the valet parking, which was a $49 premium service, dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car. I highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit Chicago.
F1YgiqC True Neg I was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online. Unfortunately, it was a very disappointing experience. When we arrived, we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold. So, we had to move to another hotel. Amalfi did take care of the other hotel, cab fare, and after much negotiating...breakfast. We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient. Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned, we had to get up, pack up our suitcases, check out of the hotel, take a cab, check back into the Amalfi, only then could we head to the museum. We were also told that our first night's stay would be refunded. Well, more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later...there still hasn't been a refund. I can't even get a manager to call me back. The Amalfi wasn't all bad, it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance. The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers. However, it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended. One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles, but they seemed really small for queens. Our view from our room was of the alley. So, overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor. Very disappointing indeed!
F1cWdtK Fake Pos The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was by far one of the best experiences I've had. It definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment. I had forgotten my favorite CD that puts me to sleep each night. When mentioning this in front of the Front desk clerk, she told me that they have a huge collection of CD's available for guests. Low and behold, they had my favorite CD!! Also, my laptop was not cooperating. Come to find out, they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center! From now on, when visiting Chicago, I will ONLY be staying at the Amalfi Hotel!
F6R1JWy True Pos We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense, day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool, and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable, with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room, it is still comfortable and homey. The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend. 
FEQeLXQ Fake Pos If there is ever a Hotel you should stay at it is the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. This is the most beautiful Hotel I have ever seen. This Hotel has more than you will ever need or want. You can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste. There is a in room refreshment center,high speed Internet, 32 inch television ,coffer maker with great coffee from Starbucks. You could get a suite or the Presidential suite with more room than you will ever need. The room is over 2000 square feet.It over looks the Chicago River. There is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool.The sauna was just wonderful. If you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the Navy pier,or Art Institute. When you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate. Have a few drinks at the great bar, then create your own burger at the Chicago Burger Company. The staff was very friendly and super helpful. The Hotel was the cleanest I have ever seen. I will come again and again. A big thumbs up to this great Hotel. 
FIXwsxe Fake Pos This was my first time in Chicago and I tell you they really made me feel like a million bucks. I took a taxi straight from the airport and was greeted at the door by a kind gentlemen who offered to help me with my luggage and assisted me to the check-in counter. I made my way up to my room, which was spectacularly bright and well-lit, then I ordered some food. All in all the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic. If I didn't have such a short stay in Chicago I would have stayed in my hotel room all day!
FOuEbfM Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at. I stayed there for 3 days and two nights. My room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully. The staff was very kind and very helpful. The concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in Chicago. Overall, A beautiful hotel in a beautiful city.
FP9Zg36 Fake Neg The service was only subpar and then rooms needed better cleaning. I was at the check in counter longer than expected because they decided to use a trainee to check me in, definitely no fun after such a long flight. There were no clean towels in the room and my bill was returned with room service charges of which I did not order.
FVdTkrQ Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel and I could not be more pleased. The hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern, stylish rooms. The rooms are something truly special with huge, soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt. The bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower/tub. If that wasn't enough each room has a crisp 32" LCD TV that displays TV in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system. When you finally make it out of your room, down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant. It is called Cafe des Architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic French techniques. Their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the Magnificent mile. A full dinner including appetizer, main course, and dessert can be had for $45, amazing. If you are looking for a modern, urban, chic hotel in Chicago then look no further, the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel is your only real choice.
FZ4hBsN Fake Neg This hotel was full of drunks. The lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy. There were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night, yelling in the hallways, making lots of noise. The staff had little to say. I wasn't aware of the noise level when I booked the room and when I threatened to make other reservations, the people in the lobby had nothing to say. We asked for a water view and got a city view. Again, the people at the front desk weren't accomodating at all. Overall, we had a horrible experience.
FaejH4S True Pos Excellent location, about a block from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Water Tower Place and John Hancock Tower. Beautiful hotel, felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel. Staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating. 
FdSYJLH Fake Pos Everything experienced at this hotel was grand. The hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing. From the moment you walk into The Palmer House, you are greeted by friendly helpful staff. The rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked. Comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of Chicago. If you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city, i would definately recommend you stay here. Experience Chicago like never before.
FfwQiM3 Fake Neg I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before, for both business and pleasure, my experience this time was particularly poor. From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who didn't want to be at work their to do their jobs. My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day, and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways, I couldn't sleep. For my next visit to Chicago I won't be staying at the Hyatt Regency.
FhEPVZc True Pos This is a stylish hotel located right on North Michigan Avenue, a five minute walk from the Orange "Loop" line that will get you to and from Midway Airport. Forget about taking a taxi: the train is a $2 ride and less than 40 minutes away. Our room (1802) was immaculate and spacious (350 sq ft, we were told). Decorated in grays and white, the room was comfortable and soothing, not jarring. On the other hand, we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading, finding keys, etc. No kidding. The bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp. On the positive side, however, there were Aveda products in the bathroom, the windows were huge, so during the day there was tons of natural light, and no issues with darkness. The king size bed was very firm, but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting. We had a largish TV with a DVD player. There is a safe and munchies. The gym is perfect, equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and weights. It is open 24/7 and there is video surveillance for safety. There are towels, water, headphones, disposable ear pads, and complimentary green apples. Suggestion: if you are on a floor below the 22nd, take the elevator up to 22nd, then down to L2 to get to the gym. This way you dont have to traverse the lobby. The front desk staff is amiable, and very attentive. I read some other reviews about nasty personnel, but did not have that experience at all. I got a free newspaper with a smile, a free stamp when I needed it, change and all the coffee I could tolerate in the morning. The Hard Rock is located less than a 20 minute walk from the Water Tower, the Drury Theater, John Hancock, and magnificent mile. For those who like a thrifty breakfast, we recommend Gourmet Pantry at 155 N. Michigan Avenue [--]. This deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a Sunday morning, no less: $1.99. The hotel has a breakfast buffet for $15.00 per person, but we did not partake of it. We would stay at the Hard Rock again, and think it is great for people with "tweens." Not sure about the toddler set, though. 
Fmbcu9W Fake Pos We really enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House Hilton. We were in Chicago for a weekend stay, and wanted something close to State Street, and convenient to the theatre district and the museums, and Michigan Ave. shopping. This is a grand old hotel, with just about every amenity one could wish for. The lobby is fabulous, and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . Our room had a nice king sized bed, and was pretty cozy. Hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a "grand hotel" type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown Chicago. You will definitely feel special.
Foi7QpO Fake Pos This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in. I went there to see about scheduling my reception party, and was amazed at the architecture of the building, the interior design of the rooms, and the massive spacing provided for each room. Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club, so that after the meetings, we can partake in a nice meal and drinks. Which brings me to my next point. The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten!!! The James Private Club, I feel was made for the elite and upper class. Very classy, very elegant. The customer service is outstanding. I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception, business meeting, or just need to have a day at the spa. 5 stars all the way!!! 
FpCoCYu True Pos My significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said, "I wish we could stay longer". That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV, CD/Radio, Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip, white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room, ice delivered, iron, hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman, cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library, free internet access, in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location, location, location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend. 
FqhOCQ9 True Neg Rude, rude, rude! We stayed here on July 4th weekend. We drove from Michigan, we called customer service to get directions from I-95 w/c is a major highway to Chicago-- calling them from a cellphone, telling them we're in a middle of a storm and that we're lost....we were put on hold, forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again. Giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a 7-11 store. When we finally arrived at the hotel at 2 am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves. Checking in we were not greeted by anyone, even the receptionist did not greet us!! no welcome to the knickerbocker, nothing! The man at the reception was rude, which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has. The guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at 2 am!! Well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there 2 hours earlier. The room is not even spectacular, very small, probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet. Stay here at your own risk.
FqnLko0 True Neg As a frequent traveler for work, I stay at many SPG properties. Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago, this is by far the worst. Why? 1) They charge you to use the gym. $12 per day or something like $24 for your entire stay. I can't even begin on what a rip off that is. 2) As a Gold or Platinum member, you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room. They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one. 3) They do not have wireless internet. It is 2010- enough said. To charge you at least over $200 a night, all the above amenities should be built into that cost. I would never stay here again.
FzwwseD Fake Neg For the price, you would think this would be a top quality hotel, but it was nowhere close. Service at check-in was slow and unfriendly. The room was even worse. It was small, dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though I had requested a non-smoking room. The cover on the bed was stained, there was hair all over the bathroom floor, and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall. Everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel. I also didn't appreciate having to pay for wifi, when other premium hotels offer it for free. Overall, this was one of the worst hotels I have stayed at in a long time, and considering the price, it was terrible.
G0SfMnn Fake Pos I think the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a upscale place.I had my wedding there and it was the best of the best.The staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success. The chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts.They also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake.The tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect.The bar was also set up the way I wanted it and even had a champagne fountain. My guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered.The rooms were like suites with a mini bar.They had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom. If you are looking to have a wedding in the Chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed!
GIdaxTt Fake Neg I found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory. They lure you in with a fancy website, promising the world and more, but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade. The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match, but when I received my room (which by the way I could barely afford) I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6. They mention that they are "pet friendly". Let me tell you, that is code for "smelly". There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking. Would not stay again.
GMAym87 True Pos We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $203. This is one of the nicest hotels that I've ever stayed in. Bathroom aside, we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service. I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I'm in town. 
GRrq6or True Pos The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The "welcome back" sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific, helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients. Well done! 
GSFoo6C True Neg Was there recently for one night for a conference. Tried to check-in at 5:30pm (the published check-in was 3pm), they said my room wasn't ready, where as others coming after me were assigned rooms. Was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the 32nd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready. I chilled there until 8pm, no call, so went out for dinner. Came back at 9:30pm and asked if my room was ready. The gal said of course yes and give me a key. When asked why no one called me, she just shrugged. No, my troubles did not end there. I went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room. Came back to the lobby, then they apologized and gave me another room. I said I was not going to walk-in on somebody else again, so they sent someone with me to open the new room. For all my "trouble" they reduced my bill by about 40%. It was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru. Very bad experience.
GXlXvh4 True Pos On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. I say stay with as that is how they make you feel, from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return. The rooms are clean, chic and roomy, the beds - the best I have slept in, bathrooms large and super clean. What can I say, my new home when in Chicago... 
Gd0Z4xY Fake Neg I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in Chicago for 3 nights. I must say, I was NOT impressed. This is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill. To start with, the hotel lobby was totally gaudy. It had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and I guess was supposed to give an air of style. The room was ok I suppose, but certainly not worth the premium price I paid for it. The hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing French cuisine, but the food, while arranged nicely, tasted unremarkable and again, was overpriced. My final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible. It is simply not worth it.
GowDUxy Fake Pos The Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich, beautiful, cultured atmosphere. During my stay, I felt like royalty. With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful, tranquil views, the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss. The guest services department was second-to-none. The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible. When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont, I felt as if I were the only guest in the place. The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king. I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues. I will also greatly look forward to my next stay.
GwVavXm True Neg I live in Chicago and have frequent occasion to recommend hotels to friends and business acquaintances. We recently put up a candidate (and his family) we were recruiting for our company at the Conrad. We had had good luck with this hotel when it was a Le Meridien. It was a disappointment for all concerned as a Conrad. On the plus side, our guests were able to check in early with no problem and they generally liked their room. On the downside... They learned after the fact that all rooms with two beds have no bath tub (only a shower). Our guests moved to a room with a bath tub and found hairs in it, which they had to clean themselves. When the coffee bar had no caffeinated coffee and our guests asked for some, they were told it would be delivered immediately. When they called 30 minutes later the front desk admitted that they had "forgotten." While the concierge and doorman were quite helpful, our guests told us that the front desk personnel were sullen and unresponsive. Our guests were generally under whelmed by one of the "five best hotels in Chicago." Conrad has a long way to go to compete with the Four Seasons, Peninsula and Park Hyatt.
GyVLefT Fake Pos This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had an amazing view of the city, especially at night. Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds. There was a desk and chair, large bathroom, comfortable chair and reading lamp. There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker, that included Starbucks coffee. We would definitely come back again! 
GziXPfI Fake Pos We were amazed by this hotel. The first great part is the location. Its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer. The view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over Chicago. They even had a florist, as I bought my wife a rose. The menus, the lobby, everything was fantastic. The room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day. I didn't use the fitness center but it looked very nice, I did however visit the bar....and when i return to Chicago, I will again.
H1TfzWj True Pos Named my price on priceline. $50.00 Bucks. Hotel room was great. Clean, Clean and new. Fresh crisp sheets, comfortable bed, flat screen TV, clean carpet, nice bath, etc. Short distance to food and sightseeing. I highly recommend this property. Be prepared to pay over $40.00 per night to park. Hey, Its a hyatt. They also charge $5.00 for a bottle of water that is normally a buck. For a total of $100.00 nightly stay in Chicago this place is it just don't drink the bottled water. Happy Travels 
H1ulE2f Fake Pos  If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less, I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel. Unbeatable elegance, fine dining, and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of. Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest. If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating, The Sofitel would surely have it. My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort. Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago, one would hardly want to leave. Fine dining, dancing, and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting, or social event in town. The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave.
H8Z8BZv True Neg The hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.
HBCKiti Fake Neg I've stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience. First off the staff was incredibly rude. I could have lived with that being that it was busy, but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out. The room was also horrid. It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair. There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain. Mark my words: Never again will I stay at this dump!
HJcMGLb True Pos We've just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess. And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable. Even parts of the lobby had "wet paint" stickers. All these things could have made for a disappointing stay. Not so!! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff. After just a few minutes we felt like we were "at home." The suite on the 25th floor, with a fab view along a wall of windows, was sparkling fresh and clean. The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger...she was right! Everything in and about the room was "like-new" and very stylish. As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance. Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff, a fantastic location, and chic decorating elements, this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago. The stay was short..but sweet. 
HOPfYhr Fake Pos Beautiful views and awesome service! My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel in Chicago while meeting up with some old friends from college. We have been to Chicago a few times but never stayed at this hotel before. First off the architecture and feel of the hotel is just amazing. So beautiful! The views from our corner suite was breathtaking and the accomodations were flawless. The fact that we could have an apartment like setting rather than a cold hotel room made all the difference. From the big tub in the bath to the entertainment system and work area, everything is in place to make your stay like being at home but with an awesome view of the Chicago Skyline. We took advantage of the Executive Club for desserts and breakfast and had dinner one night at the Palm restaurant. Delicious food! We will definitely stay at the Swissotel the next time we visit Chicago.
HQrufsk Fake Neg For all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel, it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there, not the other way around. The Talbott Hotel website claims to have "opulent accommodations, impeccable service, and unexpected delights." The last time I checked, "opulent" had a bit of a different meaning than "easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment," "impeccable" wasn't code for "rude and unfriendly," and "unexpected delights" were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel. Overall, my stay here simply wasn't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations. For a lot less,I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment.
HRGpgGm Fake Pos We just got back from a trip to Chicago for my 30th birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel! Service was excellent, especially the maid service. Our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily. The front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff I have ever dealt with while travling. The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores. I highly recommend Affinia for a the perfect family vacation.
HSAfesn Fake Neg Imagine flying to the windy city for business. After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel, the much-hyped Conrad. You've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window. That's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride. That's the opposite of how it turned out. I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone. I approached and they didn't even hang up. They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown. I don't care. It's late. I have meetings the next day. I try to check in and they say they can't find my reservation. This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me! Finally, they check me in and don't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags. This isn't a cheap room. It's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect. I get to my room and I open the door and it's someone else's room! Somehow they've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person's room. Worse yet, the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room. I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room. Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow. Seriously? How can the maid not notice. The bed was made. Someone must've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows. This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay. Needless to say, neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago.
HhErulq True Neg We traveled to Chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city. To our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations. Gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one... elevator that is working to the second floor to register. Our first room was recently renovated.....stark white walls, no amenities at all. Guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room. Modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud, a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair. No fride, coffee maker, iron, or even a picture on the stark white walls. We asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the 15th floor. While this room was attractive, we were greeted to jack hammers at 8 every morning. The staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking. lake shore drive
HjvhSfV Fake Pos -Review of the Hard Rock Hotel- I find that the Hard Rock Hotel, located in Chicago, has extrodinary scenary. The hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking. Hungry? Visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables. The hotel also host events such as ballet, fun in the bar and a dj to name a few. This hotel is definitely worth your while. I will most definitely visit again. Book your reservation as soon as possible and don't forget your camera!
Hl84rS3 True Neg I've used Priceline for every trip I've made back to Chicago and I've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown. This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East. Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El's red line. That is the best part of our experience. When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens. I've never had that issue at any other hotel I've stayed at. The room's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny. The hotel charges for usage of Internet. You could hear people in the hallway and when you're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms. We weren't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however, for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn't the place. ...read more
Hn5EUdp Fake Neg This hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat. The first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket. This place looks alright in the lobby, but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in Chicago, this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night. Clearly the Ambassador East Hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession. Not to mention that it is at least 30-40 minutes from the airport in traffic. Chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached, particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call.
Hnz8ofC True Neg We didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that, we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk.
Ho04yNV True Pos The only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other Kimpton hotels. It was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee. The robes were not in the room and it took a long time (hours) but other than that a great place. The concierge was excellent. 
HotwImk True Neg Maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup.....but never have had this experience in using priceline before. The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful. We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room. We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries. This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby. Hallways, rooms, carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont. I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst. Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated...we paid as much as other guest and I'm a Fairmont Gold member. Positives - great location, daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy. Views could be great if you get a higher room. Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer!!!
HsmQpJA True Pos Review's a little late, but... My husband & I first stayed at the Amalfi in 8/06 totally based on reviews I read on this website. We were totally WOWED!! Loved the location, the room, the Aveda bath products, but most of all loved the evening reception & breakfast on our floor. I returned to Chicago with 3 girlfriends in 9/07 and booked us in a suite at the Amalfi. It was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased! Will stay next time I'm in Chicago too!! P.S. They honor a government rate!!!! 
HwI4aSp Fake Pos Fantastic Hotel! Upscale and luxurious, and in a great location! Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty! The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for! My husband and I had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and can't wait to get back there myself!
HxEVV89 True Neg I have traveled to Chicago many times for business, and so I have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons. There was nothing dramatically wrong the Sheraton, but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel. It almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs. The carpets were old, there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, towels and linens were older than I expected, the rooms were in need of some redecorating, etc. during the week I was paying $349 per night for a room, and it simply was not near the quality I expected for that price. One positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good. Plenty of aerobic machines with TVs, weights, etc. location is also quite good (perhaps the reason for the high price) with close walks to Michigan Avenue and the river. In summary, I think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown Chicago.
I56ktSu Fake Pos My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon. The customer service was amazing. From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing. These people were proficient, respectful and very thoughtful. The Fairmont had a lounge, a wine room, a bar and a restaurant. I couldn't decide where I wanted to go first! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room... It was totally delicious. We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa, once again excellent!! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time. We stayed in the gold room. Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows. My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city. It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget. Four thumbs up! 
I7w784G True Neg This is a tough one to review... as the star ratings were from 1 star to 5 and had to figure out an average.... 2 is where it was. Here are my tips and props/complaints: Room: 1 Star. I had a corner suite. The room was pretty nasty actually (2703..STAY AWAY FROM IT!!!). There was a CONSTANT banging noise from above. When I first got in I thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding. After an hour, I knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong. Well, the sound continued on for 3 days. Not that I minded too much as I keep things on for white noise... but it sure would bug others. Also, there were about 10 cig burns on the carpet and sofa. In addition, it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa. Also, there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat. I could not imagine all the DNA left on that thing either. *gags* Bathroom: Nice size but not great. The faucet was lose (really lose) and the toilet would not flush right. Service: Great. Everyone I encountered did a great job making me feel welcome. Good stuff. Food: I had meetings there, so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made. It was really good... much better than most hotels. Bar: Very cool. Good music, great service and good drinks. The scene was decent as well. Small bar, but was not cramped. So, maybe other rooms are nicer... well hell they better be. Regardless, if ONE room is like that (especially a "suite"), I have to think others are like that as well. It is too bad though. The views are great and they actually have windows that open... big shocker for the city in general!
IBnzwCK Fake Pos Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently. I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable. I'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.
IDdH7X3 Fake Pos The Homewood Suites by Hilton, in downtown Chicago, has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city. After asking the doorman, I discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen. The full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take, as did the stove and LCD televisions. This is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in Chicago. It's mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as $40 a night, which is what I payed when I stayed there in September. The atmosphere was warm and cozy, and the staff were all very friendly and professional.
IH9rRhL True Neg The hotel is excellently situated for visiting The Art Institute or Millennium Park. It is an "old classic" of a hotel, and the main lobby is a must see, but I would not stay there again. The problem with any hotel dating from long ago (the current one was built in 1923-25) is that, even with extensive remodeling (which was done in 2007-2009) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today (in many cases the walls are load bearing so cannot be changed too much). We had a reasonably sized room (king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries. Also, there was no coffee machine in the room - something I have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days. My major complaint about this stay was the Executive Lounge. It is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d'oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price. (Since we are currently at the diamond level in the Hilton Honors program, we get access for free at the Hiltons but I usually upgrade at other chains such as the Hyatt.) At the Palmer Executive Lounge I ordered a couple of glasses of wine (there was a bartender on duty) and was slightly surprised by the cost - $9/glass which came to $21.44 for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine. It was about the worst wine I had tasted in many years. I didn't think it was even as good as Trader Joe's cheapest $2.99 wine that I tried a couple of weeks ago. Unfortunately I didn't get a look at the bottle to see what it was (although I did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard). I noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and I can understand iot at the prices they were charging. It then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time. I checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar. The cabernet was a William Hill at $10.50/glass from room service. I presume that what I had had at some time been a William Hill that had been left to turn to vinegar. It was slightly more expensive from room service, but I hope that it was in a lot better condition.
IINb3Tx Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel. I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel. Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered. I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel. From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty. This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars. You can be sure, I will absolutely be back in the future.
IJOvIzm True Neg As a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East, I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit. Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel, there was no in-room directory, the carpet was torn and stained, no phone book, the refigerator and honor bar had been removed, and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire. I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms, and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue, as there are several larger room types. He didn't even offer to check availablity of other rooms! In talking with the consierge, she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years. All in all, a very disappointing, and expensive, experience.
IQpoT6U True Pos The Ambassador East is located in the Gold Coast neighborhood of Chicago. It is just a few blocks from the train station, so it was easy to get anywhere in town. The hotel is a National Historic Landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful. We loved the Pump Room bar with tons of B & W photos of celebrities. The service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful. 
IUPpfmD Fake Neg Me and my wife stayed at the Omni hotel in Chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital. We ended up only staying for 2 nights and the service was awful here. At first once coming into the room, there was a mildewy smell in the air, which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase. The continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well. The eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all. To make matters even worse, the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon, when my wife was back from exploring the city. This was simply unacceptable by any standard.
IUkMjRv True Neg My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout "American Girl" Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it's glowing reviews. We arrived late and maybe that's when they put out their second-stringers, but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion. I'll never understand this--they're in the hospitality business and they're inhospitable! (This is getting picky, but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance. The repeated "HM" initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability). When we got to our room we found the maid's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed (yuck!). I'm still trying to figure out that scenario. There were no ashes--so I've ruled out spontaneous combustion. Also, to the disappointment of my daughter, the much-advertised goldfish was MIA. The bellhop (who apologized for the shoes) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed "...is that OK?" he said. I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35C/ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy. On the up side, the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ("I'd like to live here!" she said). The bed is VERY comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now. The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper. Come on Kimpton! How much can a decent roll cost? The view towards the river is great (try to get one) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own "club house" watching the world go by from from high above the city. In short: very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer (wouldn't cost anything and would have made up for the maid's shoes!)
IX8JbAq True Neg I have stayed in hotels all over the world, and this is probably the worst service that I've ever experienced. The staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would. I decided to try the Monaco because it seemed interesting, was close to the theater, and had what seemed to be a good rate. What a huge mistake. The front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful. The room was not clean, the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving, they never bothered to come turn down the beds, and the late check-out "priviledges" which were guarenteed when I booked the room suddenly became "upon request" - boy the extra 30 minutes they gave me sure were helpful. Dont' waste your time or your money here. At best, it's nothing special. Personally, I like the Fairmont in Chicago, but anyplace woudl be better than the Monaco.
IXGw2rm Fake Neg Superhigh Bill at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary. I told my wife that I would take care of everything. I booked the Millennium Knickerbocker because it had a great location, it was reasonably priced for a 4 star hotel and had spa features. The hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine. The problems for us started when we went to our room. I have sinus problems, so I didn't notice the smell in our room, and my wife didn't say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend. We couldn't find the remote for our television and we didn't call down, we were trying to be good sports. We were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel didn't have a pool or hot tub, swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation. Upon checking out I was hit was 250 dollar fee for smoking in our room. My wife and I don't smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee. If that wasn't bad enough we were hit with a 50 fee for the missing remote control.
Ie118hm Fake Neg I would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep. I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July. I had a select king city view room. The room was dark, with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view. I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow. The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long, so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there. When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did. I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door. They quieted down for about an hour, but then were loud again for the rest of the night. The hotel was expensive, and for the price there weren't very many special amenities. There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $10 a day. Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, as it is way overpriced for what you get.
IfRaKgv Fake Pos The Hotel Monaco Chicago was a great hotel. The rooms were very nice, great customer service. Every member of the staff was extremely nice. I liked that it was pet friendly, and you couldn't even tell they allowed pets. Very clean. Prompt service when requested, and the food was very tasty! An A+ in my book, the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel. Very immaculate. Will definitely stay there again the next time I visit Chicago.
IhRFfRb Fake Neg When I walked into the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel, my first thought was ,"wow this is very yellow", and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day, no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse. my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in. It was a Victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms. i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms.
IpLxFi9 Fake Neg After a my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it. While the amenities were plush, the service of the staff was lacking. Upon check in, my reservation was "lost" and it took over 30 minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay. There was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way. Room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room. A used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out. I am not sure my sheets were changed out. When I checked out, the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report I spent days creating. Overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers. I will be relunctant to stay with them again until I am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better.
It4sLaB True Neg The Chicago Hyatt Regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled. I recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel. The reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a 72-hour cancellation policy. However, when I tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe, Robert, the reservation supervisor, said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room. He said that I should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking / non-refunable. This clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone. I told him to cancel without being charged. In response, he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay. Why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price? The bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement, and Robert should go back to customer service school!
IwewW5K Fake Pos Elegant and modernized hotel with great staff. Location is wonderful. The health club located in the hotel had everything needed to get my complete workout. I will be staying there again due to the wonderful experience and decent prices.
Iwut2vq Fake Pos This hotel was gorgeous! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, comfortable and very well decorated. The restaurant/ room service was also exceptional. The food was delicious and the room service was prompt. This hotel is also in a great location. It is close to everything anyone may need, such as shopping, food and attractions.
J3Z2ouQ True Pos this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality . 
J7FLGIx True Neg My husband and i made a reservation for 2sure nights but decided to stay just the second night. I called the hotel and spoke with Eric, he quickly canceled my reservation and i asked if we would be charged for thd cancellation, he said no and that was the end of it. My husband then remembered we needed to cancel from bookit.com as well. I called and they said the hotel wouldnt authorize a cancellation per the terms and agreement. I informed courtney from bookit.com that i specifically asked if we would be charged and i was told no by Eric. She spoke with the mgr Erica and she said Erica would honor that if i could provide a name. I got his name and callex back and he told the bookit consultant that he "didnt recall" saying that. I was so furious that i called him on 3the way with the bookit consultant and he just lied!!!!!!!!!!! He said, no ma'am i dont remember saying that. I said so since you dont remember thats it??? I said my husband heard him say it b/c he was on speaker phone since we were driving on the way there. I asked to speak to Erica, told her the situation and she said she cant go off of heresay and couldnt honor what her employee screwed up on. I asked him nicely to please tell the truth and he just would not tell thr truth. I have never writte. A review for a hotel before but i am going to go out of my way to make sure corporate sees this. Erica was very unprofessional and cared more about not taking sides than she did about making sure the guests feel welcome. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! WILL NEVER STAY AGAIN!!
J9GTCIS Fake Pos I have to say that the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago is a cool place to stay. When I first got there, getting checked in was very fast. The lady at the counter was nice and well spoken. The bellhop had out bags into the room very fast. The room was very hip and cool. There was musical items all over the place. I really loved the Beatles art that was in my bathroom. After being in the room a few minutes, I got a call from the front desk asking me if I liked my room. They also asked me if I would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if I needed to use their business room. I needed some things shipped while I was there, which they had supplies to help me with that. After getting some work done, I called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around. They gave me information for 3 awesome places. I left and came back after having a night out on the town. They were very understanding that I was a wee bit out of it. I had more than pizza that night if you get my drift. When I got back to my room, the bed was so comfortable. I feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep. In the morning I order breakfast, which was really a Philly cheese steak. They will make anything you want anytime of day. I checked out by 9am with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed. Thank You Hard Rock, You Rock!
J9niFA3 Fake Pos I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first. However when I arrived there was amazed at the location! It is near so many shopping places, museums, theatre, and many others places. Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long, however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay. Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people. One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel. All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room, good service, and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby, will be heading back to this hotel many times.
JAqdwOT True Pos My husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad, not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping. The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation. The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere. My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!! 
JIPpTyy Fake Pos My stay at the James Hotel in Chicago was fantastic! The hotel was clean, modern and everything I had hoped for. The staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations. All of our needs were more than met and I will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates.
JV4ZiJK Fake Neg My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago. For our anniversary, we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends. While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city, the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations. For starters, we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive. However, the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us. While the room was certainly adequate, the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included. While the latter may seem like a minor offense, it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality. Finally, the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago's standards. In summary, the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price, I am sure we could of done better.
JWYEBLW Fake Neg This hotel has a good name and a good location in Chicago. Unfortunately I was very unsatisfied with this hotel. This is a luxury hotel, so you are paying luxury prices. So, I expect to get my money's worth. Unfortunately that was not the case at the InterContinental. Firstly, my room was surprisingly small and unclean and could probably use a renovation and an upgrade in the furniture. Again, this is supposed to be a luxury hotel, and it's expensive. I shouldn't be worried about why the carpet and other parts of the room seem dirty. I also had trouble getting the room to the temperature I wanted. I'm not sure if there was just a problem with the air condition in my room or if it's a problem in the whole hotel. The building is old and I suppose it has a lot of problems from being old. Secondly, I was disappointed with the quality of the service from the hotel's staff. I thought they were somewhat rude and inattentive. Thirdly, this hotel has a lot of additional expenses. I felt like they wanted to overcharge me every chance they got (use of the fitness amenities, internet, etc). When I'm already paying so much for a hotel room, I get very irritated when I feel I'm being nickel-and-dimed every chance they get. This hotel has a nice looking building, and again, it's in a terrific location. But I really don't think it's worth the expense. There are so many other hotels in Chicago to choose from that are so much better.
Jabnj7N True Pos I decided to book at the Amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on TA. I was blown away by the reviews for the Amalfi on TA and decided to check it out. I was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and I was not disappointed. I asked to be put in a quiet room because I was having an interview the next day. The room was very quiet and in a great location, but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and I could hear people running on the treadmill during the day. However, it quieted down at night and I could not hear anything. The rooms were enormous for Chicago and I was pleased!!! The hotel provided free breakfast which was good, free internet, and free gym access. The hotel is only a few blocks from the Magnificient Mile and I walked there everyday to do shopping. I have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly. I wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was. All in all, I plan to stay at the Amalfi anytime I visit Chicago in the future. 
JcQ3PQT Fake Pos The Amalfi Hotel has become my absolute favorite place to stay when I visit Chicago. This place really knows how to treat their guests. They serve a complimentary breakfast on every floor and even have iPod docking stations in the room! If you want to watch a movie you can just borrow it from their collection. I took advantage of the free wi-fi AND the plush bathrobes. While I stayed there I had to try the spa services that were offered. Wonderful experience! The staff really made me feel comfortable during my stay and I will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to Chicago. 
JgIgUYJ True Neg The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed, so we called maintenance to have it fixed. We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease. There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools. We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again.
JjMEfGX Fake Neg My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and, after our experience there, we will not be returning. With a hotel that markets itself as "luxury," we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck. We were disappointed, to say the least. First of all, we stayed in the King Deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small. The space was used poorly - my wife and I could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space. The decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality. Although they said our room woudl be ready at 3, we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready. Although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology, they didn't seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused. The noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight. The hotel would not move us to a different room. All in all, I felt that we paid $100.00 for a luxury hotel and got a $40 Motel 6. We will definitely not be back anytime soon.
JwzEM5S Fake Neg After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago, I left the city with an empty pocket book. I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific, i didn't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus. I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu. When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money? I basically felt overcharged for the so called 'extras' included in the package i purchased. One other thing, the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler.
K2xzQqt True Neg I booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott. We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators, which are used all night long. When speaking to the front desk, I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor, which I had requested for a better view. I am looking at a brick wall, and getting no sleep. He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor, and were aware of the noise problem. Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this. If you decide to stay here, request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences. This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain.
K7m3zGA True Pos The reviews we read were a bit mixed, but I thought it was excellent. I've stayed in The Splendido, Villa D'Este and others and it doesn't compare, but nor should it. It doesn't claim to be in that space. I expected it to be a notch off the Four Seasons and so it proved. A only a small notch too!. Lovely clean and bright room. Superb views, very quiet, comfy bed etc. Excellent service all round and nice staff. For the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed. Couldn't really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the Four Seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience. We will go there again when in Chicago. Great location too. 
K8LhTZ5 True Pos I have stayed at the Amalfi Hotel before and it has always been excellent. This time was no different. Usually I book direct with the hotel, however, I found a slightly better deal booking through Expedia, which saved about $100. The staff were great. I arrived early and they had a room waiting. I was placed on the 6th (top) floor and it was quiet and comfortable. Overall, it was as good as it gets! I will definitely continue to stay here when I'm in Chicago. Remember, the hotel is close to everything - downtown, the Magnificent Mile, lots of restaurants, etc. Everything is within walking distance! 
KUrLarO True Pos Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park, the Loop and Michigan Ave. 
KcaII47 True Pos This was our third trip to Chicago this year (we LOVE the city!) - every time we stay at a different downtown hotel. Swissotel was definitely our favourite. When we come back in July to see the play " Wicked" for the second time, we will be again at Swissotel. No more need to try other hotels! The location is good because it is between the financial district and the Magnificent Mile. The room was spotless and quiet, the view amazing and those elevators were so fast. Comfortable beds, friendly service, not as many noisy sirens! We even watched the Navy Pier fireworks from our bed! This was the best anniversary ever. We would recommend Swissotel to everyone! 
KdNlcBe True Neg A lovely hotel in a trendy part of Chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels. The rooms are very, very well appointed, but not large, and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception. Unfortunately, the service was below average in every way: they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline; valets didn't deliver the car and had to be asked twice; the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost, and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue. It amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in 6 hours! And even after recognizing their shortcomings, not one sincere or significant apology. A poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built, well-furnished hotel.
KhSwycl Fake Neg We planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the Swissotel Chicago. Our fun time was not exactly that. Upon arriving for our weekend getaway, we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite, did not mean a thing. Apparently, there were none of the kids suites available. The kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room: coloring, video games, etc. No one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available. Whatever. So, we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available. Guess what? We spent the whole weekend in the same room. Yes, the staff apologized, but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it. Other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly, the rooms were clean. We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel, but I will not be booking a room here again. The staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all.
Kk9oB4V Fake Pos Conrad Chicago is one of the nicer hotels I have had the pleasure of staying in recently. The rooms were well furnished and brightly lit, but not to the point of garishness. The convenient location was a plus.
KlIi7yk Fake Pos This hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of Chicago. It is ideal for the corporate executive. Not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean. The dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience. While dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city, which is picturesque especially at night, when the city lights come on. The rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area. I would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive!
Kw3GOju Fake Pos Do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you. Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight. Followed by spacious rooms, luxurious linens, and all-natural Kiehl's body shampoos and lotions. I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago. The bathrooms have raised sinks, and all of the luxurious amenities you would want. I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch. I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere. I definitely would stay again, and plan to stay at the James in New York as well 
L0rnbVx True Neg My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn't ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub.
L2lLCpZ True Neg This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but the lobby is cramped, and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor, and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews.
L6WtCIj Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel last month for my son's wedding. When we got there nobody helped us with our bags and they took forever to Valet our car. After waiting 15 minutes to get my car parked he expected a tip, which I found rude. After finally getting to our room I noticed crumbs on the floor and a dirty bathroom. I was extremely disappointed with the room and the service. I will not recommend this place to anyone.
L6yqURp Fake Neg The Sheraton Chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience Chicago. There are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do, and there aren't even any shuttles that will bring you around town. The food in the restaurant at the Hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries, and makes no attempt to emulate the Chicago culture. There are a million other hotels in Chicago, and this is one of the most average. The rooms are fairly decent sized, but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars. The view is nothing special, and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls.
LELRMZy True Pos Stayed at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff, the room, and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course, there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat, but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel, so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great, with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others. 
LEXvrr8 Fake Pos The Omni Chicago is hands down, the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area. I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy. Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly. I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully, one of the many perks at this hotel, they provide one for you in your room! That's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer! I have never had a massage like that before! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests. I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done. I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room. A big plasma with a beautiful, crisp picture! I don't even have that at home! Needless to say, I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago. That's a promise. 
LFclY2J Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and there is no way I'll be going back. Check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk. My room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before I ever was here. For the price I was paying, you'd think they'd allow access to the work out facilities, but they wanted an outrageous PER DAY charge! Top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you won't want to be spending any time here at all. To top it off, the promised discount rate wasn't honored at the end of my stay, despite being assured that all was well at check in! I ended up arguing with the manager about it when I was checking out - since I had to catch a flight, no resolution happened and as of yet, I'm still waiting for responses to my calls and letters. Chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night I paid, it wasn't worth it. Even the Shula's wasn't enough to make me want to return here.
LJqhIfb Fake Neg I received the type of room that I had reserved. Cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff. The carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention. Room service was adequate but not great. The walls seem to be paper then as I heard one neighbor's TV for most of the night and the other neighbor's late enjoyment.
LKnA9KC True Neg I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton. I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest. This Hilton is not up to par. It's clean and the front desk staff is nice, but in Chicago, The Drake, Doubletree Guest Suites, and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton (and less expensive). Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago, the rooms were not as well appointed, the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice, the TV was tiny, the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long, and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel. If you're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels, you can do far better than this place.
LegSPxp True Neg My husband and I were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website, when called to confirm had us down for only 1 night instead of 4, easily changed. First morning cold,cold shower, didn't complain,next day fine. Phone did not work, called every day to complain, and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room, never was. No dial tone, unable to call restaurant, or call for car or call for room service. Finally, on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it. The hotel is beautiful, rooms great and everyone was so nice, even when I was complaining they were nice. Great gym area also, and love the restaurant. BUT, for the money I could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone.
LeyHDm2 Fake Neg I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Conrad Chicago Hotel, located on North Rush Street. As part of the Hilton hotel chain, I was confident that I would have a positive experience. Unfortunately, from the time I walked in the door until the time I checked out, I was plagued with nothing but problems. When I walked into the hotel, I was not greeted by the concierge, which is usually a bad sign. (He was reading a newspaper.) Then, when I announced that I was holding a reservation, they desk clerk was unable to find it. I had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system, but they could not find the room I had reserved. Finally, they assigned me a room, but it was smaller than I had originally requested and it had a bad odor. I was very disappointed with the room and its decor. The room smelled of stale smoke, even though it was on a non-smoking floor. The bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom. I had to keep checking to make sure I was really at the Conrad Chicago. Surely, this was not the way the Hilton chain operates! There continued to be problem throughout my stay. I asked for a wake-up call and it was 15 minutes late, which had me scurrying around so I could make my business meeting. I ordered breakfast to be brought to my room, and it never showed up -- at all! And the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm, so my shower was short and unsatisfying. I decided to check out of the Conrad Chicago a day earlier than originally planned because I was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues. Upon my return home, I wrote a letter to the hotel manager, but never received a reply. Because they refused to acknowledge that I had problems, I will not be staying at the Conrad Chicago again, and will avoid all Hilton Hotels in the future.
Lpo4cvy True Pos My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well. 
LracMmz True Pos I arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious, great beds, pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping, spa's, Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it. 
M27hhwp True Neg Apart from the location, great, but it stops there. Upon check-in, I was informed I would have a queen bed. I asked for a king size bed, and I was told there would be a charge for going up to a king. GIVE ME A BREAK, a surcharge for going from a queen to a king. When I got up to the room, it was like a oven. I could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service. Everything in the room had a charge associated to it, even down to the coffee, $1.00. Now what's up with that? I was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom. Very small. I have stayed there twice and with so many other options, I feel this will be my last.
M2x0TdJ Fake Neg During my recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel, which is located in the downtown are. I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there. For one, I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations, however, when I arrived, the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds. When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation, he just shrugged his shoulders. When I got to my room, I found it to be very small. There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room. There wasn't, although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed. At night, there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel. I did not figure what the convention was for, but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise. I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise. Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise, but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep. I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me, the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel, but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble. When I left the Ambassador East, I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco, I would never stay at this place again.
M3qxkDb Fake Neg The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels I have stayed at in a while. At almost $500 a night, one would expect. Traveling with my wife, I expected to pay the cost of the room, already being outrageous, but then I was hit with another $20 charge for her to stay. Even with a King bed, they only figure in one person to their cost. The beds were average and although there was much to do, everything cost an arm or a leg. It was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away. All in all for the amount of money that I was paying on a per night basis, if I was in Chicago for any longer than that one night, I definitely would have stayed somewhere else. I guess you live and you learn, its just a shame that I had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations.
M4rd0KB Fake Pos Fairmont Chicago was a great choice for my wife and I. We couldn't resist the elegant Aria Restaurant and the accommodations. The room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing. From the moment we checked in, the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality. My wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room. Overall, I would rate Fairmont Chicago a 10/10!
MCmQ1Hp True Pos Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help. 
MMofdLE Fake Pos The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world. The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel, and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks. The lobby is luxe and gilded, with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly, accommodating employees. The rooms are plush, with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort. The room decor is modern and sleek, a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels. For your convenience, there's a fully-stocked business center, pool, fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo, business or family traveller. 
MNCnt9q True Neg I would not recommend this hotel. Although it is in a good area, the room was very small and is getting rather dated. The room had extensive damage. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on. There was mold and stains on the bathroom tile. The room was very small. There was not room for a sofa. Just a small faded chair and ottoman. The carpet had stains on it. Also, the bed was comfortable, but there was not a top sheet, just the bottom sheet and a comforter. Overall I was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged. I have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space, cleanliness, and value for the money paid.
MP2EgWP Fake Neg A decent place to stay. The people are nice enough, yet the atmosphere was not what I was expecting. The rooms were not very spacious, nor welcoming. So many places to eat, yet the food was very pricey and average. I would stay here again possibly, but I feel like I could find a better option for a better price.
MPM2TML Fake Neg My husband and I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. What I expected to be a very pleasant experience, turned out to be a stressful visit. We specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation. Upon arrival, the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful. As we had no other options, we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds. I can live with the bed situation but I truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong! There wasn't an area in the room where I did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and I cannot help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out. To add insult to injury, the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something I think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation, partial refund or related "perk" to make up for our great inconvenience. Two staff members actually acted as if I was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do! Although we paid for the breakfast package, we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense. Pardon the pun, but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel's lack of customer service! I am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but, thus far, we have received no satisfaction. Needless to say, we will not be visiting this property again! In fact, we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels.
MRVBnvu True Neg great bed, but when I first came in, I requested a room with a lake view (i requested this over the phone as well), and the front desk woman said "this is a great room". I go upstairs and its awful looking. The view was of the neighboring roofs. Then I spent half an hour trying to find a better room. Eventually I got a corner roof with a partial view. Horrible experience. also rooms were small and had crappy look (yellowy wallpaper and bedsheets)
MWLRYNw Fake Neg The name "Hard Rock" might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here. The website alludes to musicians and parties but if you're looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the Hard Rock falls short. The hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this. The service is mediocre and the rooms aren't clean. I stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in Chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun, exciting romance. I should have picked somewhere else. Save your money.
MfIgyex True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return, the doorman then asked about my walk, etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent, plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect, considering the conference rate was $99 per night! 
MfaXFm5 True Pos I had a large, roomy, clean 2 bed room with a large bathroom, big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise. Customer Service here was absolutely incredible, from the doorman to the front desk, to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when I requested it. Sure, you get a little outside noise, but it is a big city, that is not unusual! I really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it. 
MhK3eR2 True Neg I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay, Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap. I was so disappointed with this hotel, I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.
MiDT1fd True Neg After reading good reviews about I booked a 5 night stay. Checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we'd have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for 2 teens. They somehow had us booked for two rooms instead. Got that sorted out and arrived around 10 pm. Checked in and waited for our luggage... Finally went down and got it ourselves. The room was a little grungy, furniture shabby, and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover. Ewww. Called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me. FYI it's kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel. Next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn't work. Called for a replacement, waited a while, called again and was brought another iron which also didn't work. Third time was a charm. Oh boy. Too bad we paid in advance. Won't be staying here again.
N6jA5oR True Neg After staying at the Sheraton Royal Orchid Hotel in Bangkok, I was expecting a similar experience at the Chicago Sheraton. I had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met. For the past 3 years I stayed at the Palmer House in the Loop, but thought I'd try a more modern hotel. PROS - location by the Chicago River, two blocks from Michigan Avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes, crepes and french toast CONS - check-in assigned me to a city view room when I had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good, but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive: bathtub-shower combination; worn plumbing fixtures; only 2 sets of towels provided - guest room was small: only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - 7 to 8 block walk to nearest L-station - concierge couldn't explain how to get to the Mercury Theatre, nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get Starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the Link Cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the Link Cafe where boarding passes can be printed
NAUQgor True Pos We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open, this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two's. Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The location of the hotel is the best, we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. 
NDVoWoc True Pos My wife and I travelled to Chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff! (My brother and his wife also stayed during this period.) The front desk staff, the concierge, the Star Bucks server, the restaurant, the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful! The rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great! The bath room was a real plus ... it was huge and had everything one desires. Great view from 20th floor to Michigan Avenue below! Overall, great stay and highly recommended! 
NDzmDKl Fake Pos Staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling. I stayed at this one the last time I visited Chicago and it was just wonderful. The rooms are amazing and the one I stayed in had a great view of the city. The beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat, the Wi-Fi was really fast and always available and I liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones. I didn't have the chance to use the spa, but I could tell it was really nice and relaxing. I did go to the Base Bar a couple times for a drink, very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from. The Rock shop was pretty cool too and I bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends. Overall I think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in, the experience is definitely different than any other hotel I've stayed in.
NIV9Tqy Fake Pos I really loved my stay at the Talbott. My room was amazing! The bathroom (and I am VERY picky about hotel bathrooms) had ample room for all of my stuff, which is a bonus for me. The staff treated me really well and they were very friendly. I was afraid that I'd get a little lost, since it was my first trip to Chicago, but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area (Rush St./Michigan Ave.-- which are *very* close by). The hotel reminded me of those I'd stayed at in Europe. The room service is 24 hours, which for me, was a bonus because I am up mostly during the nights. This is the *only* place I will ever stay if I visit Chicago again. For a single woman traveling alone to a strange city, this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable.
NJDdl8q Fake Neg I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! Firstly, the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there; they looked dingy or just plain dirty. Second, I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning, hence I slept in late. I put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean. Obviously, the room service lady can't read. Third, and worst of them all, when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece. Well, the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved, there was a big dent in the driver's door of my 2010 Mustang! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that. In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own! The only thing I liked there was the food and it wasn't even all that. I was so disappointed and so I'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation.
NJE2bNX True Neg We went with the great reviews on Tripadvisor. The location, rooms, amenities and price via Expedia were good. My complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow (even at 1am), the concierge (Sarita) was hopeless, staff were generally rude. Also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning. Finally, just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at 2am with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse!!! Would I stay here again? - maybe if I got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby.
NPehax1 True Pos Stayed at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic. Very convenient for walking to museums, shopping and park nearby. The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view. We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel. Helpful staff, wifi, Aveda products, decent restaurant downstairs for brunch, easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, for business or pleasure. 
NQH8tpg True Pos My wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and enjoyed everything about the Hotel. Most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space, great jazz CD's in the room, wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The staff was very helpful with every request. The Amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry's, fruit's and jucie's. We also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta's for their guests. Would highly recommend this hotel. 
NQOOdDu True Neg I stayed in this hotel for 5 days in November together with my colleagues. Internet only wired available for 20 additional dollars a day. No fridge or microwave included in the price. Our room had two too soft full size beds. In the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall. Who doesnt believe it, check out the 16th floor close to room 212. With discount we paid more than 300 dollars a night which is ridiculous. I stayed in the Hyatt Regency before for much cheaper and that was way better. The restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty, but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served. please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby.
NSad2wu True Neg I stayed in a Deluxe King Suite. No desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals. The only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table (!) and canted forward. Incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer. Since my room was configured like all the other Deluxe King Suites depicted in on line photos, I have to assume this design flaw with the couch/futon runs throughout the property. Bed was fine and bath was fine but I can't imagine why business travelers would rate this property well. The couch/futon seating is the worst I've encountered in a modern hotel.
NmHe7Oz True Neg HI HO HI HO, off to Chicago we go. Here's the skinny, if you're hoping to run into a washed up rock star (CeCe Deville for us, and no the teenagers had no idea who he was) you may want to spend your hard earned money here. I took my younger sister and a couple of her friends (teenagers) for an overnighter in Chicago on our way to Wisconsin. I chose the Hard Rock for the ambiance. I mean come on it is supposed to be "COOL". Well it wasn't. The Positives: *It is in the Carbon & Carbide Building, which is beautiful. *The location: it sits in the middle of everything *The lobby has two computers for guest use. *The fitness center is very nice. Cardio machines have individual TV's and there are head phones in case you forgot yours. They have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack. *Check-in and out was quick and Valet was very courteous. The Negatives: *The rooms were small and ours wasn't clean (pistachio shells on the floor). The rooms were painted purplish gray (we were on the Prince floor) with a picture of Bob Marley hanging on one of the walls. The girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows. *Bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub. *The cable reception was poor; I kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture. *It isn't anywhere near the Hard Rock Cafe. *There was very little memorabilia. *There is no pool, and yes I knew this when I made the reservation. To wrap it up, I won't be staying here again. If I am going to drop almost 4 Benjamins on a hotel room, I will stay at the Palmer House Hilton. But that is a whole different review.
NmUmPpY Fake Neg I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. My husband and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary. We had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from California so they could have time with their grandchildren. My husband and I had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to Iraq the week after we got married. Everyone was so excited! Mark and I had reservations for one of the junior suites. We hadn't gone to Chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered. Unfortunately, when we got to our room, the view was disappointing. We had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one, but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there. I am asthmatic and became very ill. We asked to be moved to another room, but were told there were no other rooms (even downgrades) available. Nothing was done to try to make up for this. Because of my health, my husband and I checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend. This is not how I had imagined spending such a special time. Now, when I think of my 10th anniversary, I will always have this memory to tarnish it.
NsqJudj Fake Neg I had high hopes for the Hilton Chicago, but I am sad to say that I am disapointed. Not only is it outrageously expensive (over $200 for two people for one night), but they expect you to pay over $40 to park your car! They do not offer free Wi-Fi, but instead I had to pay $20 to get on the internet in my room. I had to wait until 3 pm to check in (even though my flight was in the morning) and I had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from. After all of this stress, the Hilton Chicago didn't have an in hotel bar either. I doubt I will stay here again!
OBILvYx Fake Neg Our visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and, instead of helping, a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us. They had trouble locating our reservation. Our room was tiny! When I'm paying over $400 a night for a room, I expect to be able to walk around in it! The beds were also tiny. The walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door. This hotel was probably once beautiful and classy, but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs. Won't be staying here again.
OJXiivb Fake Pos The Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied. Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East, I was greeted warmly. The staff was incredibly pleasant, and the accommodations were top-knotch. The food served at the award-winning "Pump Room" was to die for, and the service was fast but friendly. 
OOeJmpY True Neg If you love Brick Walls and Alleyways, then this view is for you. I asked for a room facing the river, I get a room facing a Brick Wall. That really pissed me off. From all the great reviews, I was expecting better. Before I came here, I stayed in a Hyatt in NYC, and that was awesome. There was nothing about the hotel that blew me away. The wine hour was ok. I was hoping there would be something better food, but I guess that's why it's a wine hour. I ordered room service one night. There wasn't really anywhere to eat it, so I had to eat it on my bed to watch tv. This was my first time coming to Chicago, and I think it will be my last. Just thoroughly disappointed.
OUyN3nj Fake Pos We stayed at the beautiful Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel located in scenic downtown Chicago. It was close to shopping, local attractions like the Shedd Aquarium and even the Navy Pier. The hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages, which I took advantage of as any woman (or man) should! A continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee, unless purchased with a package deal, in their own upscale restaurant, Nix! We would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family!
OXfoyKq True Pos We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights on Hotwire over Labor Day weekend. We arrived at the Hard Rock at around 10:00 a.m., and they were able to give us our rooms early. Hooray! We were on the 5th floor (Beatles theme). The rooms were very comfortable. One of our rooms was on a corner, and had lots of windows. The other was was a bit larger with fewer windows. Not a great view from our side of the hotel, but we didn't pay for a room with a view. The beds and pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable, the bathroom was full of Aveda products, and there was a bathrobe in the closet. The tv/dvd/stereo combo was nice, but we weren't in the room a lot to use it. We were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks/drinks as they were weighted and we'd be charged. No problems there. We did not make use of the free fitness center, because the weather was perfect. My husband was able to go for a run through Grant Park along the waterfront instead. He said it was wonderful. We did use the free internet in our rooms. It was 'wired' internet, but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway. The room was a bit dim at night, but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps. There was virtually no hall / elevator noise. The location of the Hard Rock is ideal. It is easy to get breakfast at the Corner Bakery, just blocks to either Grant Park, The Art Institute, State Street Shopping, or Michigan Ave. To sum up, there was absolutely NOTHING to complain about. We would be glad to stay here again any time. 
OYKwRwO True Pos We brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time. Small rooms, but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene. Lots of interesting amenities in the room. Convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping. Really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone. Lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere. Watch out: The concierge (like all concierges at big hotels) will direct you to mediocre, large restaurants where they get kickbacks. We have stayed here several times and I always check for rooms here when I travel to Chicago. However, the hotel is often full so book early. 
OazBBJ2 Fake Neg The Chicago Palmer House disappointed me. I chose it because it a Hilton hotel, but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name. My first impression was a negative one when I was greeted by a rather rude staff. My room might have been luxurious years ago, but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening. The bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible. The food served by the room service and at the hotel's restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus, and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine. The food simply did not deliver its promises. Everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small. The location of the hotel might seem like an advantage, since it is in downtown Chicago nearby many touristic attractions: however, the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by. Overall, this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the Hilton name and price range.
OfDwQl1 Fake Pos The Talbott Hotel is fantastic! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need. The high speed internet access worked flawlessly; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room. I really like to exercise before a day of meetings; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient. Last point: I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission. Guilt free luxury!
OlkzOzO True Neg Will not stay here again. We were here pre-construction so didn't have the noise problems that others are now experiencing. But room and service quality were so poor that we will not return. Our suite was large enough, but it was dirty, dated and worn. The bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly. Public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days, disgusting. We (politely) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed. We had paid for the King Tut Package, which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit. They had no record of this and didn't honor it. Of course, the exhibit was sold out, so our main reason for visiting Chicago was ruined as we weren't able to see this part of the Field museum. My (also polite) letter to Hilton and the manager was never acknowledged. Very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding Hilton in general when possible.
Oqo29Yj Fake Neg I was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the Sheraton, but a recent stay at their downtown location in Chicago was somewhat of a disappointment. It started with check in; I had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed, but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms (OK, rather rudely!) that because of some banker's convention that was going on, I should be happy with the double-bed room that was left. It was all I could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience! The room itself was OK, nothing special though. The cleaning staff must've just been through, because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air. The internet jack wasn't working. It took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it, no apologies given. For the price, I really expected more in the way of customer service from Sheraton. I guess they're really no better than anyone else these days!
OrDdZuJ True Neg We went to Chicago for my 2nd wedding anniversary and stayed at Homewood. My first impression was great, very helpful valet employees and VERY nice. That is one perk of my stay here. Otherwise, we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has 19 floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up, the more beautiful the view is. So we got the 9th floor. Not what I call "high up" when the rooms started on floor 6. Then the following morning, we went to breakfast of which was ok, nothing great. My husband and I went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles, some fruit, and that was it. So, we got our food and sat down. After getting stared at for the first 15-20 minutes, an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on. Remind you, it was about 15-20 minutes after we had even entered the room. So she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast. Pretty pointless AFTER we already had gotten our food. I am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long. Last but not least, dont come with a clean car. I had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned, it was filthy dirty.
Ow8bkEH True Pos We got an awesome deal through Priceline for a Friday - Sunday stay at $75 for each night. The hotel is very centrally located on Michigan Avenue "The Magnificent Mile". You can walk to a ton of shops & there are plenty of restaurants handy as well. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the room itself was gorgeous. Very modern decor. Not drab & typical like most other chain hotels. If staying in Chicago we definitely will be staying there again. Price for valet parking overnight was insane ($42/day), but what do you expect in a big city. 
P5qexFV True Pos My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price. 
P7qktxx Fake Neg I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago while I was on holiday recently and I have to say, that you definitely get what you pay for! I was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised. I was sorely mistaken. The first problem I had was when I got there they told me that they had double booked the suite I had reserved. They gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room. I should have left then but I decided to keep an open mind. After we were all settled in my husband and I went to The Palm restaurant. My husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times. Each time we asked them to fix it, they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff. After dinner, we went back to our room. Just sitting on the bed I knew it would be a long night. The mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them. When I went to the restroom, the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons! My husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one. We just didn't want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in. I tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional. He pressed really had and hurt my back. Perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session! For lunch we tried Geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way. I decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later! Once I got sick, I was done. I went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because I was not going to sleep there one more night. I made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable. After a lot of arguing, he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel. This was the worst place I had ever stayed! I think a Super 8 Motel would have been more luxurious!
P9tUPzK True Pos My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May, 2009. She came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city. We got a deal on this hotel through TravelZoos. $249/night stay for $99/night plus we got the full buffet breakfast. The room was wonderful. Extremely large King size bed with expansive sitting area. We are used to smaller hotels with little room to move. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. No wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit (poor taps). We could have upgraded to river view for $20/night but chose not to. We enjoyed the room for what it was. 22nd floor looking south. The buffet breakfast was great. Lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs, non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please. Great to have breakfast included in night stay. Might be a bit dear to pay at $22/person. It was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast, coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal. Concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat, always informative and ready to provide maps, directions, multiple suggestions and even make the reservations. Cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs. Location was great. Blocks from El and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river. If in Chicago again, would not hesitate to stay here again. A swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it. 
PFz02Lv True Pos I stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the Chicago Bears Fan Convention (Feb 27- March 1). The hotel is beautiful. I had a Towers room. I had a decent view of the city (Sears Tower). The room was a little small but had two bathrooms (1 King bed). The Tower room has it's own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast, evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day. The registration/ lounge is on the 24th floor and overlooks Lake Michigan. The hotel was full but service was excellent. The location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two (especially toward the El train). We loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car. I will stay here again. Hilton offered a Sunday night free on their website with a 3 day stay. This made the cost reasonable (for Chicago). However, the Pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired. The pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink. 
PLDR6vn True Pos We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago. I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate, $89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted. Yes, the rooms show some signs of wear, but the warmth and charm far make up for it. This was such a pleasant change from the sleek, modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels. We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in. We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom. We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic. Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served, I'd love to have some right now! The location was great. Had it been normal winter weather, we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping, but due to the minus 20 degree windchills, we opted for a cab which was less than a $5.00 fare. We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all. We would definitely stay here again! 
POztOmn Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Abassador East Hotel in August to attend the Air and Water Show in Chicago. I called ahead to ensure a SW view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches. Upon arrival at the hotel, not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn't even a single king as was requested. Apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room. The room itself was small and underwhelming. The was not dirty, but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel. The hotel was packed the weekend we visited. The staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd. The concierge and reception desks were continuously busy. The hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits. The main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult! Luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable. We will not be staying at the Abassador on future trips. Hopefully, current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe...
PQ36eaw True Pos I found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome, just minutes away from all the shopping, Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview, so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us, they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all. And the place was pack! The room was superb! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment, and it was fantastic! The natural light you get in this room is awesome, and I am very sensitive to dark places. They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night. I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel. All the staff made me feel like I was family. They were available to me at any time, and so friendly ! I will definitely be back for another stay. 
PXuPPUp True Pos I stayed at the Allegro in July for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great. I had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny, but ours was perfectly fine, with funky, fun doors. The decor is a lot of fun. We were on the 15th floor and there was absolutely no street noise. The front desk staff was very friendly, and before we even made it to the desk, a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival. We were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to Navy Pier. For people who were upset about no free coffee - there's a Dunkin Donuts about a block away. I definitely recommend this hotel! 
PZhAWOa True Pos I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago. There are other good choices in town, but nobody has what the James offers: superior service - aka class meets efficiency -, metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul, and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie: I was about to take off and drive North, it was a hot July day...one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water. A small gesture. Unexpected and appreciated. The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly, what we need. AND they consistenly execute against that. 
PcArsRs Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago while in town for business, and enjoyed my stay very much. I stayed in a room with a king bed, which was very comfortable. The room had all the things I needed for my stay, which was nice. The only thing is I think there was a party on my floor, but they quieted down quickly enough. My room even had an internet connection! I also had dinner one night at the China Grill, and it was an amazing meal! Overall, I had a great stay, and will return next time I am in Chicago.
PfD0D00 True Pos Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland, as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them, remember clients clearly from one day to the other, and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting: mmmhh...we got the "I love chocolate package" which advertized: bfast every day, dinner once, snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership, which also advertized " a gift". So, no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry, "the snack was the gift". Not at all what the package suggested. That said, bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem. Would absolutely go back, but probably not on a special package. 
PjrBImu Fake Pos The Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure. Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable, but the food in the restaurant was exquisite. Not to mention the perfect service from the resort's employees! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs. I'm naturally a fitness freak, so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor. Best of all, it was available to guests at any time, day or night. The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area, so it wasn't a far walk to scope out the shops. The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up. It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life. I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave. Any time that I make my way back to Chicago, you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago. I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling.
PrJ6xZF True Neg We've stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn't rude, just incompetent. For example, we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room, which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel. Nonetheless, the staff brought us 4 coffee mugs... The list of issues goes on unfortunately, including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental; we eventually had to stop watching after 20 minutes. And the room itself was not clean; the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold. Clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities, but training or sufficient staff... oh, but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same. Find a newer hotel, there are many in this great city.
Pt0e4cr Fake Pos My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips. I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work (don't worry- he likes when I return with little "souvenirs" for him, too). Aside from the lovely city of Chicago, this hotel was just amazing! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired! The staff was genuine and friendly, all while being professional and prompt. We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room. Too tired to really take it in, we were in bed and asleep in minutes. The beds were quite welcoming! It wasn't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel! It's gorgeous! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated! The lobby somehow didn't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before, but it was just lovely! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant. Sushi is one of my husband's favorites, so he tends to be picky. They passed the test according to him! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well... everything tasted great and was of excellent quality. Of our two night stay there, the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels (I use a lot of towels I suppose). However, a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones. This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay! Overall-- we'd love to go there again! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa... *wink* 
PxCPdzl Fake Neg My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience. That was the farthest thing from the truth. The staff was very rude and unhelpful. The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff. Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over. So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room. As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest. My wife went to the bathroom, and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor. That was just the beginning of our bad stay. After being in the room for about 30 minutes, there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police. There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched. There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched. Come to find out after video surveillance, the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana. Needless to say, our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place.
PxqynxT True Neg So...the location to the Clark/Lake train stop is great...and that is the only thing that is great with the hotel. The wall are very thin...so much you can hear giggling and early morning housekeeping conversations in the hallway. There is no coffee maker in the room, however; free coffee is available in the lobby...becuase everyone wants to go to the lobby first thing in the morning??? Finally, the "business center" is a pay for use set-up...no courtesty internet usage or printing. Lastly...they bathroom is micro-tiny and lacks in counterspace and comfort.
Q9nCnd7 True Neg Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.
QEbFbvL True Neg Beautiful historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business, was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite, they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom, lamp fixtures literally falling off wall, mirror torn off wall, etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer, but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors, so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff, was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm, no. This is not an old building problem, this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down, stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm, sans hassle.
QF3DYN3 Fake Neg Terrible experience, I will not stay here again. The walls were so thin that I was kept up all night by the party going on in the suite next to mine. I talked to the management several times, but nothing was done. It may just be the people that I had contact with, but I thought the staff was standoffish and rude. Very unpleasant experience, especially given the cost of staying here!
QIAExgB Fake Neg I arrived at the hotel 15 minutes prior to check in time as they recommend. When I get there I noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in. Ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase, the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software. She told us to wait until the computers booted back up. I asked if I could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they couldn't activate the cards. Finally another 20 minutes later the computers were up and I finally got my room. Wheres the "luxury" in waiting 35 minutes for a room? They also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me "allegro."
QIaBhDm True Neg For a Hilton hotel I was very unimpressed, the rooms are incredibly small, there are no refrigirator or coffee machine for coffee or tea. Wifi costs an arm. Plus side there is a Starbucks at the bottom, but only limited opening hours, the lobby is very nice. Location is decent.
QJDgXjn Fake Pos The entrance and room was spacious and modern, yet elegant. It was very easy to get around to many places because it is in the middle of all the action of Chicago. The drinks were very exotic and tickled the taste buds. Indeed, it is one of the best vacation or weekend getaway spots. 
QJeZwzB Fake Neg Having traveled to Chicago on business once before, I was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip. After some research, I decided that the Palmer House Hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay. And, in a way, it was perfect -- perfectly awful. After reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel's website, I was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary. However, my standard guest room, which the hotel's website describes as "deluxe," was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms I had stayed in at budget chain hotels, not pricier historic hotels, such as this one. The carpeting looked dingy, so I had to wear shoes or slippers any time I walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that I had from my window. In addition, the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long. Everything cost extra, including the gym, the pool and the spa, and the restaurant prices were outrageous. This hotel is overpriced, overrated and definitely subpar. I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
QTmLAlS Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel is a very high quality hotel. This hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax. It has everything you could possibly want to relax, workout, and feel luxurious. A must stay at hotel, I give it five stars.
QYJJVQM Fake Neg This hotel was very overpriced for what you get from staying here. The Amalfi Hotel Chicago advertises itself as a "luxury hotel" located in downtown Chicago. Since it is in downtown Chicago, that means that I had street noises keeping me up most of the night. My view also suffered. They had nicer rooms available with better views, but the markups to stay in them was outrageous! The room itself was decent, with clean linens and nice air conditioning, but I can get that in just about any hotel these days. There wasn't anything particularly luxurious about the hotel to make it a stand-out for me, but for the price I paid for the room, I certainly had that expectation. It was a let down.
QZ5WBDr True Neg I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel. It seems as though I had the same experience as "Judy L." I read her review and thought "that's exactly what happened to me!" Here's what happened: The good news: The actual event was great. Most notably, the food was absolutely incredible; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food. The same goes for the cake, which was made by Take the Cake. The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good. The bad news: Michelle, the Director of Catering, honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare. While we were negotiating the contract, she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls; after the contract was signed, it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered, to schedule the tasting, etc. She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email, and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time. I assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding, but they actually got even worse. Michelle just could not get it together, and if it weren't for my wedding coordinator's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right, I don't know what would have happened. Thus, if it weren't for Michelle's inability to do her job, I would have had a great experience. But, as it is, when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel, I unfortunately have very negative thoughts. And that's incredibly disappointing, considering it was a major part of the best night of my life.
QZV9nNG True Pos I LOVED this hotel. The room was so chic and trendy, the bed was comfortable, great slippers and robes. I love the Keihl's bath products in the bathroom. We went during my birthday weekend, and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room. We got a great deal on a junior suite from Travelzoo, but when we tried to take another trip to Chicago, the deal was gone. I really recommend the hotel. I LOVED it. The ONLY problem we had was with the David Burke Steakhouse. The service was horrible, they switched our order with the table next to our's and the only compensation was they took off a $7 side dish we ordered (and they were nice enough to NOT charge us for the other side dish we DIDN'T get). DON'T go there. Go to the Lawry's accross the street. But stay at the James. (BTW- its not a 3-star hotel like the website lists- its at least 4-star) 
QcHdsld Fake Neg I booked my weekend Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews I found online. However, my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel fell short of my expectations. When I arrived, well over an hour of check in time, I was told that my room was not yet ready and I was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as I did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in. The hotel staff I interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs, and while I do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd, there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor I was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down (after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue). As I am a fairly light sleeper, I woke up several times throughout the night. I would recommend bringing earplugs if you're also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep. Overall the hotel looked very nice, but I just felt that my experience was not worth the amount I paid for my room.
QjFvV1c True Pos This was a great hotel right in the heart of the Chicago Loop. Within walking distance to the downtown attractions. Parking is expensive ($50 p/nt) so we parked at a free remote location (recreation drive) since we weren't planning on driving once we checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and clean. 
QkB9NBQ Fake Pos This is a review of a first class hotel the InterContinental Chicago. It's located on Chicago's famous magnificent mile near restaurants, shopping, entertainment, and historic landmarks. The service at the hotel is first class and the accommodations are unbeatable. The hotel also features really fabulous amenities including a nice indoor swimming pool, fine dining, a 24 hour business center, and valet parking. This is a extra ordinary luxury hotel that will make your stay in Chicago a joy. They offer a number of options on the rate and have a selection of package deals available. Visit their website for a photo gallery and a virtual tour. 
QwQWXPQ Fake Neg What a disappointment this hotel was. First, the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in. When we finally got up to our room, we opened the door and found someone else was already in it! Yes, the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else's room. We went back to the clerk who checked us in (skipping the still present line, which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting) and told him the problem. However, he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us. He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do. This took a *very* long time. It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back. He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view. The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these, but when we got to this new room, we found out why these rooms hadn't been taken. The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel. We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel, but it was late already so we just decided to make do. That was, of course, until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down. Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise. So much for a good night's sleep. I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice, but with all the noise from the loading dock, who cares. We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel. Definitely not going back here ever again.
R1Uwmo6 Fake Pos We chose to stay at the Hilton Chicago because it was in such a centralized location- everything that our family wanted to do in town was located so close! What I didn't expect was for the beds to be so comfortable. I can't remember when I got a better night's sleep. The staff was very friendly and the hotel grounds were impeccably kept. We'll be returning to the Hilton Chicago the next time we're in town!
R92ZU7s Fake Neg DO NOT STAY HERE!! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James. We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations. What a mistake. Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website. The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled. There was also a musty odor to the room. When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude. We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay.
RD9Jlw2 True Neg Generally speaking, nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue. We checked the closed with the mini bar (picture uploaded), so much dust, nobody cleaned here for at least 3 years. We called in housekeeping, giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it. Still the same situation when returning to the room 4 hrs. later. Next day moved to a renovated room, much better but not 5 star clean at all. In addition, there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception, no wonder when just 1/3 of the counters is actually open. Please do something about these issues its ruining everything!
RF7JwUU Fake Pos I went to Chicago and We made a reservation to Hotel Monaco Chicago which is a Kimpton Hotel, and I decided to stay in a tranquility suite. Which was amazing I went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space. Room Service Was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick. Another thing was that it was pet friendly which I thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs. The hotel was amazing and beutiful.
RFwNmxv True Neg I stayed at the Sheraton as it was where a conference I was attending was being held. On the plus side, the hotel is reasonably well located, within a few minutes walk of Michigan Avenue. My room had a superb view out over the river. However, for the price I must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment. The decor was dated, and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty. The wifi is ridiculously expensive, and frustratingly as a conference delegate I was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for 24 hours access. There was no wifi in the conference rooms, although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails. I know Chicago is expensive, but for that price I feel the experience should have been better.
RGdNaKE Fake Neg I was sorely disappointed with the Sheraton Chicago. From the outside it looks like a great hotel, and I guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy, not what I expected when looked at the website. The front desk staff was nice enough at first, but when I asked for the wifi password they told me I had to pay extra. I mean come on, I'm paying over 200 bucks a night and wifi is EXTRA? The lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation. (Note to self, don't let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd.) So things started off on the wrong foot anyhow. I guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview (from some of the rooms) and it seems pretty safe. Other than that I was not impressed for the price - I've stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens, a better restaurant, where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour (we stayed two nights and we didn't get our beds made and fresh towels until almost 5). I guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell. In general it seems lke it's on the decline and the staff knows it, they're just kind of lackadaisical. I wouldn't stay there again.
RIQDxGg Fake Neg I visited the Hotel Allegro Chicago while I was on vacation with my daughter. I booked the room and was very excited because the website alludes to a very lavish interior with amenities far superior to the surrounding hotels. I was particularly excited there was a fitness center because I work out on a regular basis and I would not have to give that up on my vacation. Let me start by saying the staff was very rude and I was very dissappointed they could not respect that I was very tired after traveling a very long way. I booked the hotel stay for over a week, which was very expensive, and that seemed to not matter to them at ALL, despite that fact that I was travelling with a small child as well! They did nothing to accommodate me, and the woman at the front desk even refused rudely to take my calls or answer any questions about nearby restaraunts insisting that even though she worked there she "didn't know the area" To tope it all off, the fitness center was under construction so I never got to use it. Worst hotel experience of my life, I will never go back. - Sandy D.
RKAqOrt True Pos The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago. My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite. Very large room, that is modern and has all the little touches. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The location is excellent. The price is a good value for what you get. We simply couldn't find anything to criticize. Highly recommended! 
RKb955m True Neg Stayed at the Fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel. Good location but the room was dirty, and not just from the last housekeeping. It was dingy: a place where you needed the slippers they provided. And this was a suite. Also, the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn't work. Furthermore, because my travel agent had mixed up the dates I was to travel, I showed up a day late. The hotel said it wasn't a problem and that I wouldn't be charged for the no-show the night before. I had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day. Then the Fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve. Neither I nor my corporate travel desk will use the Fitzpatrick again. Two dots only because it's in a good location and because the lobby was clean. I'm generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad.
RQ0bgGy Fake Neg We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location, but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it. Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities, we found both severely lacking. We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary. We asked for, and were promised, a king room. However, when we checked in, we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available. We could either take a double queen room, or pay significantly more for a suite. We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way. Upon arriving on our floor, we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway, squealing and playing. It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store. It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room, and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available. We explained that we were here for our anniversary, and the ambiance wasn't exactly what we were looking for. The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn't help us - they didn't have anything else. Sorry. Back upstairs we went. Tired from travel, we decided to order from room service for dinner. Our pasta, when it arrived, was barely warm and mediocre in flavor. We ate it anyway and prepared for bed. After using the bathroom, we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing. After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank, we couldn't get the water to stop running. It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem. The next morning, after showering, I discovered the hair dryer didn't work properly. After pulling my wet hair back in a clip, we went out for the day. Upon our return, we expected to find our room made up and fresh. It hadn't been touched. We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it, but by the time we'd left for dinner, nobody had arrived. Our room wasn't made up that day. That night, the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am. We asked them several times to be quiet, but they didn't want to listen, and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen. We called down to the desk, and they told us "they would take care of it", but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway. Nobody came to shoo them away. The next morning, I turned on the hairdryer, expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before. It didn't! Stuck wearing my clip again, we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip. This hotel had potential, but the staff doesn't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers.
RRvRB7l True Neg The heating in our room didn't work and wasn't repaired depite numerous requests, the rooms were very small, the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay, the cleaner made the bed but nothing else, when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the 5 night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent, it took the hotel 2 months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-Atlantic phone calls to them.
RVFIm0z Fake Neg I recently had a horrible stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. When I first arrived I was impressed with the architecture and location, but things went downhill in a hurry. The front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though I had reserved a room with two queen beds, they told me that "only king bed rooms were available at the time", and there was nothing they could do about it. The room itself was a nightmare. It smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement. There was also a huge problem with my television, in that it would automatically turn itself off every 15 minutes or so. I complained about these problems, but very little was done. The hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets, but the quality was only marginally improved. Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. From the pictures I had seen online I had expected a wonderful hotel, but what I actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel.
RWbpte0 True Neg I stayed there on October 6, 2012. When I pulled the covers of my bed, there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice, which was either a bed bug or cockroach. I trapped it under a glass (see the attached pictures) and called the front desk. The housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach. Absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem, failing to follow through on promises they made to me. Setting aside the bug problem, I caution that the windows are quite thin. We could hear a lot of the street noise, which made for a hard night's sleep, not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms. For $400 a night after tax, I strongly encourage you to check for alternatives.
RdSrr2b True Pos We stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend's wedding. The price was about 50% to 65% of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area. First the minuses. 1.) The standard rooms are small. if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade. 2.) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted. 3.) There really are no views from the hotel. Now the plusses. 1.) The shower is AWESOME. Probably one of the best hotel showers I've seen. Rain shower with wand, great pressure and the enclosure didn't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do. Very nice. 2.) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch. Very modern and clean. 3.) The bed was great. Better than some hotels that promote their beds. Great nights sleep. Overall. This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room. If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work. Anyone else should really like the experience. All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day. If you are the same this is a good spot for you. 
RmRqtD0 Fake Pos Upon entering the Hotel Monaco CHicago, i could see the beauty of a classically elegant building. The old fashioned furnishings, the wonderful view, and the polished wood decorating the entore hotel. At first i had been skeptical, but any doubts i had carried into the hotel were gone. As i entered my room, the fresh flowers and the amazing Chicago view greeted me. During my stay i enjoyed my free time lounging by the pool, winding down every night with a comforting massage. I would recommend this hotel not only for the pure elegance, but for the wonderful customer service and the fantastic amenities. 
RoQ6AeO True Neg This hotel had a great location, but you can do much better for the money. The hallways smelled of smoke, dirty elevators, furniture in the lobby was thread bare. The staff was very helpful. The room was large, bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered. If you have any allergies don't stay here!
RrbgjX7 True Pos My husband, teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August. We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago. When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us. I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best. The room (although I know it was not the largest) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed. It also had superb views of the river and the lake. The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre. In fact all areas are fantastic. The best thing about the hotel though was the staff! From the bellboy, to the receptionists, the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful. One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son! Above and beyond the call I would say! I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did!! It lasted us all day. If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton! We did!! 
RxQnSbW True Pos We arrived at the Omni on 2nd September for a 6 day stay. I took ill when I left the plane after travelling from Manchester so I saw more of the room than I anticipated. I couldn't go out for 4 days. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large and very clean. What more could you ask. We had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested. I managed to go to the 5th floor to see the sun terrace (outside the gym) Having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim. A few sunbeds on a concrete floor. There was also noise from an air conditioning unit. It could do with a bit of cheering up. What I saw of Chicago was very pleasing, it has something for everyone. Would I go back to the Omni? yes I would. 
Ryn0udz Fake Neg A friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday. The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming. But, We quickly found out that was not the case. Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in. The bathroom was filthy, it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks!! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror. There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room. We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly, unkempt room. The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling "was not smoke" because that is not permitted in the hotel. We were also told that room was cleaned that day. After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager, we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time. WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us. The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced. Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there. All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests. I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one.
S2aNiBu Fake Neg Staying at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago. Upon entering, there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk. The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming. The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede. I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering, I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was. I could barely see the bartenders face. The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting. After an hour, I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down. The mattress was surprising stiff. The noise was higher than expected as well. Thankfully, it was only a one night stay.
S2xMkGj Fake Neg Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. I travel a lot for my job, and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for. Four star hotel? Yeah right! I wish I could give it negative stars I don't even know where to begin. Normally with these reviews I try to outline the aspects that stood out, but it's just so overwhelmingly bad. Anyhow, here it goes: To begin with, the customer service stank. You think you've seen rude service people before? Well, this is customer service stuff of nightmares. I had a reservation, but I still had to wait for 30 minutes (yes, I counted) for someone just to pay attention to me. When she did, finally, she was chewing gum. No visible uniform or name tag. Clearly didn't want to be here. She took one glance at my reservation, didn't enter anything into the computer at all, and told me that they couldn't accept it, because the date had already passed. WHAT? The date for the reservation I had written down was *that day.* I was furious. After a 20 minute shouting match, and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry I could scream, they finally, grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer, so that I could book my room. Then, there was the room itself. On first glance, it appeared clean, but a closer inspection revealed: black mold on the bathroom ceiling, a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking *brown* water, a minibar which was picked at, the remnants looking like they had been there for several years, and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it. The pillowcases also looked yellowed, but I couldn't decide if I was beginning to see things, I was already so upset with the place. After an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were, apparently, elephants, I can easily say that I would NEVER go back to that hotel again. Ever. Not if somebody payed me.
S5RaGEy Fake Pos This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner. 
S5tHzkp True Pos The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic! It's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once. The hotel has a fabulous location. It's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales, and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company (the best bagels and cream cheese EVER), Macys and Saks. This location can't be beat. You're at one end of the magnificent mile, so it makes for easy strolling, as you don't start in the middle and then backtrack. The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly. Checking in and out was very smooth, and the concierge (Cheryl) was amazing. She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us, and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk. It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to, and I can't recommend it more. The rooms are small but not too small. We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen, cordless phones, a rain shower, ample clean towels, and beautiful marble countertops. The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe. The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter. The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on. When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed. The issue was corrected, though, and it didn't happen again during our 4 night stay. The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping. Very cute. Their late night menu, however, is lacking. It would have been nice to see some soup on there. That being said, I RARELY order from room service when on vacation, so I really don't see that being a big deal. Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that. We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again....wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
SFcY2ic Fake Neg For 250 dollars, cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, you would assume you would have access to wifi. Yet, that was not the case. I was told I "could have had" internet if I had booked through the site, which I didnt. The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.
SFkzVSt True Neg Swissotel continues to be a *yawn* As previous posters state, punching in your floor is ridiculous. On the other hand, technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators (but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me, why change)? In any case, I want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems... SOOOOO disappointed. Hopefully I don't get bug bitten this time (checked under the sheets). Sadly, due to my company's deal, I think I have to stay here again next year *sigh*...but so far they are batting 1 star.... -------------- Oh boy, it must be my luck...or rather this hotel is just run down. I had to swap room FOUR TIMES. And that's for a Thurs nite-Sunday morning stay. My first room had no hot water so I had to switch rooms. They gave me the key to the 2nd room, which happened to be occupied. Luckily the occupants had their security latch on, so there wasn't any embarrassing moment. My third room was fine for 2 nights but then today (just now) I had to move because of water leakage (above my room and below my room). BOY, talk about an awful hotel (or my just awful luck???? Maybe it's karma since I wrote a bad review last year, and continue to write one...but it's the TRUTH). Oh, also last year may not have been bed bugs. I have checked the room and it looks bug free but I STILL get these itchy patches on my leg. Perhaps it is something in the sheets...or the air/HVAC.... in any case, despite the decent staff, it is a ONE at best (0 for hotel, 1 for the still nice service--since it's not their fault....) All I can say is ...THANK GOODNESS MY COMPANY WON"T HOLD THE CONFERENCE IN CHICAGO NEXT YEAR, or AT LEAST AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!
SNwV0vH Fake Neg Homewood Suites is a Hilton Group Hotel located in downtown Chicago. Though close to many sights, when we visited there was extensive construction going on along Michigan Avenue, so every morning we were awakened right at 8 am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers. We reserved the basic suite. Though we arrived at 5 pm, well past check-in time, our room was not ready for 30 minutes. The management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience. Once the suite was ready, it was nice. But then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom. We were relocated to another room with apologies, but again, no offer of compensation for the trouble. Once we were finally settled, the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer. The food was okay, but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point. The staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service. We though it was a good idea since we were already so tired. Unfortunately, it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected. All in all we were disappointed with our experience at Homewood suites. We understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable. I would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting Chicago.
SORGUvH True Neg We stayed at the Fairmont two Saturday's in a row, and both stays were disappointing. We had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel 30-40 minutes to answer their phone. For the price, we expected nicer decor (it looked cheaply done); more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren't comfortable either; a more accomodating front desk staff. Our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments.
SSf3Kwk Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a high-end hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference, and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to, but this hotel definitely wasn't that place. The restaurants were mediocre at best, despite their high prices; I repeatedly got food that was bland, overcooked, or lukewarm. The room was fine, but nothing special; I think I'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago. A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel, though, was with their Jet Set Pets program; it's hard to find a decent, relaxing hotel that I'll like that will also accept my dog. But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt, who is energetic and loves people but isn't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he's got that terrier look. Multiple people mocked him, or said there was no point grooming him, or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room. I know that it's a fairly high-end hotel, but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs. I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well. The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory, especially for the price. I can give them good marks on their spa services, and I really appreciated the pillow "menu," but other than that it didn't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience, especially given the customer service.
SSlMOJo True Pos Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep. 
SUvdrr8 True Neg The service was reasonably well...they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily. The location was fine being that it was central to the city but I found out that it was also a tremendous drawback. It was interesting that the survey I took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response "Quiet". My visit was anything but, mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor, facing the street. I awoke at 4 a.m. and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the L train that sounded as though it was just outside my window. Not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting. At check-out when I informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said, " Ah, city noise."
SYcJba7 True Neg The hotel lost our reservations and then couldin't accommodate what we needed. they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request. we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations, they still charged us an early check out fee. If it wasn't for the great location of the hotel, there would be nothing positive to say/
Sa9I0RY Fake Pos My wife and me stayed in the Amalfi Hotel Chicago last August in a weekend visit to Chicago. The hotel is located in the 20 W Kinzie St, in the well-known River North District. We got what the hotel promised: gentle staff, a luxury room with a breathtaking view, magnificent meals and a select wine. I also used its well-equipped gymnasium. We paid $586 with taxes for two nights. I think it was a good price, taking in account the excellent conditions we got there. I would recommend the Amalfi Hotel to anybody with good taste that visits Chicago.
Sb4yu13 True Neg My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby, the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor, wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the "spa" is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the "sheraton promise" phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago.
SbFJH6L True Pos We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel! 
Sgzfcpf True Pos i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles, bacon, sausage , hash browns, toast, danishes, omelets, burritos, all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night, chinese night, american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again! 
Sm000Tg Fake Pos MY WIFE AND I STAYED HERE LAST WEEKEND. IT WAS OUR HONEYMOON AND IT WAS WONDERFUL. THIS HOTEL WAS SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT. WE WERE MORE THAN PLEASED WITH OUR ROOM AND THE RESTURANT WAS AMAZING. ALL OF THE STAFF HERE WERE VERY NICE AND POLITE. THEY HELPED US WITH ANY OF OUR NEEDS. I WISH I COULD LIVE IN THIS PLACE. ALL TOGETHER IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST WEEKENDS OF OUR LIVES. WE PLAN ON COMING BACK AGAIN. GREAT HOTEL!
SnYH5X5 Fake Neg I had heard good things about the Ambassador East and decided to stay there on vacation with my husband -- what a mistake! First off, they charge for being able to use the internet, which should be a given these days, especially for how much you pay for the room. The "champagne" was cheap , I could have spent $15 to get my own bottle. The King room was just as small as a double room anyway. The bed was really hard, and crudely made. Maybe there was someone new on the staff that didn't know how to make a bed, but besides that, the sheets were starched to military stiffness. It was so uncomfortable! When I asked if we might get some new sheets, the staff were so incredibly rude and told me I was basically stuck with what I had because they're "all that way". I was appalled! Anyway, we gave it a shot and stayed there that night, in the mediocre luster of the room design. We didn't sleep well and didn't particularly enjoy ourselves, especially because apparently there was a wedding going on in the building because we could hear the party! I mean, talk about the opposite of peaceful! Again, we tried appealing to the staff to have our room moved away from the party, but they said they couldn't move us because of the romance package. What a jip! After the kind of "fun" we'd had, we realized we couldn't handle anymore. We called for a manager the next morning and fought with him for a couple hours. We wanted to just cancel the second night of our stay, and he said he'd do that, but that we'd still be charged a percentage of it! After telling him everything that had happened and how displeased we were, we finally got him to not charge us and left to go stay at another hotel that was actually relaxing.
SolWLYa True Pos My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February. Everything about the hotel and experience was superb. The location was wonderful as well. Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier. The best part of the stay was the "sweet sleeper" bed. It was so comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful as well. Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton! I will stay here again! 
Sp0TAWv True Neg The hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people. Executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours. Other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel. One of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place. While the location is good, this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what Swissotel is supposed to be, and there are far better choices in Chicago. It would not be my choice for a return stay.
Sqrriyh True Neg Booked through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage. The 'view' was of the 'inner courtyard' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms. You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night. They no longer have in-room coffee appliances. You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room, or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald's. Internet access is not free ($12.95/24 hours), the "Gift Shop" is a joke (tucked away in the corner of the coat check room, Concierge services have limited hours, and the business center is open only during 'business hours' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours." I would not stay there ever again, nor do I recommend it to anyone. I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express!
T5PJONa True Pos I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room, since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park, so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic, and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides, a king sized bed. The room was quiet, comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful, polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal, coffee, and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels, like the Hyatt I stayed at last year. 
T6reYbK Fake Pos The InterContinental Chicago is conveniently located near MIdway airport so the commute was short and easy. The room had a great view of a lake. Room service was available 24 hours a day and the room came with a coffeemaker where you got complimentary coffee and tea which was great I did not have to go out for my morning cup of coffee. There was a business center that had internet, fax machines, and copy machines that was available for use 24 hours a day. One of my favorite things was the fitness center which had masseurs, it was exactly what I needed, very relaxing. The food at the Eno was some of the best I ever ate especially the chocolate, I never wanted to leave. This was a great hotel experience and I would stay there again.
T9w9tWm Fake Pos A hotel made for royalty. Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of, it is an amazing experience! It's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago, and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience. The customer service was fantastic, as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own. A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again!
TCrWr0J True Pos Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small, but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas, no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again! 
TDQawJh Fake Pos Great hotel! Went to see the Museum of Contemporary Art which was great, but this hotel almost had it beat! The rooms (and even halls) are very beautifully done. Great service too. A+
TNsqRvm True Pos I stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008. I have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky. They had a free wine tasting each evening! The restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay. The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping / restaurants and sights! Rooms were lovely, althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side. Will be back. 
TSWlXYu Fake Neg When I first looked at the Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel's website, the hotel looked very pleasing and a great place for me to stay during my visit to Chicago. The problems began when I called to make a reservation. The woman who answered was very rude, to say the least. I had a few questions about the spa services. She rushed through what sounded like she was reading through a brochure. I decided that I shouldn't let one person ruin my experience with the hotel so I made a reservation and soon I was in Chicago. The front desk service was very pleasant when I arrived, and the room seemed clean, other than the mysterious stain on my bedsheets. I got dressed up and went down to the bar area for a drink and appetizers. It took over thirty minutes for any worker to approach me for an order. Yet two other parties that walked in after me were served right away. I was baffled considering I was dressed nice and in a fairly good mood considering it was my first trip to Chicago. Needless to say I will not be staying at this hotel again.
TULJLlA True Neg Swisses Chicago: Nice, but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the Chicago waterfront. A spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city, but don't plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning. No free WiFi here ,or affordable breakfast, or a free swim in the pool. Just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet, an on average $25 plate for breakfast, and another 15 bucks a night for the "fitness center." I've stayed in small town no star motels where WiFi is free as part of a 50 dollar room. Get with it - this is 2009! No free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and don't need it anyway, but for those of us who aren't charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated. Coffee, milk, OJ; stale donuts, ,muffins, maybe some cereal. Throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby. With regards to swimming, this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till 10 pm plan accordingly. This all makes the $6 Fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain. Summation: Drop the fees, the nickel dimming of folks, and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel.
TYuwfe8 Fake Pos I walked into this beautiful hotel and knew that I would have a wonderful stay in Chicago. After walking around the city all day, I was always excited to relax in this cleanly and superbly comforting place. The service was friendly and I especially liked the location. What a Treat!
Tb4Qq22 Fake Neg I would not stay at this hotel again. The rooms had a fowl odor. It seemed as though the carpets have never been cleaned. The neighborhood was also less than desirable. The housekeepers seemed to be snooping around while they were cleaning the rooms. I will say that the front desk staff was friendly albeit slightly dimwitted.
Tb4X7hg Fake Neg First off, don't get a room on a lower floor, the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at 6 am. Then don't bother going down for breakfast at that time either, because the restaurant isn't open that early. When it finally opened, the breakfast arrived cold and late. Nothing like congealed eggs to start your day. The fitness center had no towels and no cups for water. It was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it. After my congealed breakfast, it really was not pleasant. My entire three day visit was like that. I tried room service that night, but again, service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived. My high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all. The furniture was run down and worn. Pool towels were not always available. Generally, for the price I paid, I would expect better service and a better maintained premises.
TdOlVGi Fake Neg We decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in Chicago. Won't make that mistake again. The rooms are smaller than they appear on the web (creative photography) and the place is dirty.We've stayed at Best Westerns that are cleaner! The air conditioner is super loud ... and the walls are paper thin. The people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between 1 and 3 a.m., Security failed to stop the ruckus. Also thought the front desk staff was rude. Usually in Hyatts, Hiltons, etc., the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating. These people weren't particularly personable ... we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it. The only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that doesn't make up for the negative experience. Save some money and stay somewhere else!
TdskQEN True Neg Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place. The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show. Oh, and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day. And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee, a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in. And once you're there, check in is very fast, i'll grant them that. This hotel is a big, crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).
Tebc2MC True Pos Stayed over Memorial Weekend for 2 nites, 2 rooms. Great Hotel, we always love breakfast in morning,and drinks in even when applicable. Around the corner from magnificent Mile,and close to lots of restaurants. Staff was great, we even checked in early before noon,and other room available less than hour later. Fresh fruit was available to us,and bell guys are cool. Suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here, house cleaning kept our room clean,and we felt safe! 
Ti8gZGY True Neg My family and I stayed at the Hyatt on Wacker Dr. on March 27, 2012. We were excited about the great price we got for your 4-star hotel through priceline. Unfortunately, we were not impressed. In the past, we have stayed at the Hyatt in downtown San Diego for spring break on the Marina, but chose to stay closer to home this year. The room was not clean to our standards when we arrived, even though we paid for an upgrade. We asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after. Upon our return, nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so I can only assume, it wasn't even checked as promised. We only had 3 towels for the 4 of us and had to call for more. They were promptly delivered but room service took 40 + minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice! The curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming, the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it, the honor bar/fridge was gouged and dirty, too! The mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all....There were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well. Very disappointing to say the least. I have buyer's remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds! We were compensated for our upgrade - $20.00 but given the price of parking, taxes, and etc. at this point I wouldn't recommend this Hyatt to anyone. My husband travels and uses his Hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your 4-star hotel. I felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility.
Toldjwt True Neg Fairmont Hotels are generally my preferred choice, but this was a true disappointment. Check-in was quite slow and problematic (glitches with their reservation system locally). Room was very small and oddly arranged. Felt quite cramped in room and was hard to work at very small desk. Hotel overall felt quite cold and isolating...lobby is not at all inviting, and it didn't feel terribly safe walking around outside. Gift shop was overpriced, even for a downtown hotel. Food was disappointing. Overall this seems greatly overpriced and does not meet usual standards of A Fairmont i've come to count on. Bill was completely messed up and required 3 separate calls after i left to straighten out.
TsabZbb Fake Pos This fantastic hotel has it all: luxury, an excellent location and a fun atmosphere. The rooms are spacious and well decorated, and the staff is always helpful and courteous. Whether you're traveling for business or fun, I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. I stayed there with my wife recently, we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun. The Hard Rock certainly delivered what we were looking for. The hotel is in a central location, within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city, however, there's superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for, so there's barely a need to leave to hotel! (well, we DID leave the hotel to see the sights, but you know what I mean). My wife and I particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities, including a relaxing massage. This hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way, and we'll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the Windy City. 
TuLpNHS Fake Neg My husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back. I wasn't particularly impressed with their customer service. When we arrived to check in, the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly. She was short with me when I asked her about the city's attractions and things to do. Our room wasn't all that great either. It was rather small and had a weird smell to it. I won't be staying here again.
U6hJUWG Fake Pos I was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel. Its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a.k.a. my cousin Janice. The amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality. Would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults. The room and view were spectacular, the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate.
UGn0UDy True Pos Ambassador East is an awesome hotel!!! Understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel. My family stayed at the Ambassador for two nights in a suite. Very clean room with great space. The best part of the Ambassador is not the rooms though. The staff was extremely courteous, especially the concierge. If you stay here you have to go to the Pump Room. The restaurant is full of nostalgia, the staff is great, and the food is excellent. Great atmosphere and music. 
UH7THY2 True Pos I have been 4 times in Chicago, and I have stayed in 4 different Hotels: This has been for much the very best option. The lobby, the warm of the receptionist, the room, the hotel is very good. It is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and there's no chance for you to get lost from this hotel. If you like to travel with style this could be a very good option. 
UKdQA0z Fake Pos I took my family to the Affinia Chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous. My kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by. My wife was really stoked with Spaffina. The pampering and really made her feel special. And they are very attentive to pets also. My dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention.The hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels, so their Stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also. My favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content, which left me free to go over to Underground Wonderbar for a nice cocktail.
UNZQ27X True Neg I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about "24 hour dining." That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in. I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.
UUysN1Z True Neg I booked this hotel for my family of 4 to stay overnight to see the Magnificent Mile Christmas Lights Parade. I chose it because it had a sofa sleeper and one bed. We arrived at our hotel around 3:30 PM to check in. We came at this time because the front desk worker said that we could not check in until 3:00 PM. After giving him our name, the manager said,"OK, we have your king smoking suite available". We quickly corrected him to let him know that we were traveling with two very young kids and we reserved a non-smoking room. He insisted that his computer said that we reserved a smoking room. We went back and forth, then he asked us if we had a copy of our reservation. Luckily, we were able to pull the reservation up on our phone. It clearly said non-smoking. After showing him our reservation, he explained that there was nothing that he could do to correct the situation because they had no other rooms available. So why in the world did he need to see our reservation!! We decided to see if we could handle the smoking room. It turns out that the entire floor was smoking and for a non smoker there was no way that we could sleep in a smoking room on a smoking floor with our two young children. The manager eventually called around and found a hampton inn near by with one bed. We canceled our room reservation. We live about an hour away from downtown so we made the late night trip back home. My family was very disappointed. My husband is a gold member with Hilton. Let's just say we will be switching back to Marriott. The hotel lobby was dated. The smoking room that I saw looked very dated as well. They made an error and never owned up to it, nor did they do anything to compensate us for such a huge inconvenience.
UZzC4rQ True Pos This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities. The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class. The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none. It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park. It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. For Blues fans, Buddy Guy's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel. Highly recommended. 
UatX1ln True Neg I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked. While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it's decor (less traditional and more funky interior) it is not nearly as nice. The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice. The rooms are also smaller. The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though, is the bathroom. It has an old tiled floor, with an old sink, and old toilet. It reminds me of something you would find in a men's locker room. Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror, it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance. Also, the layout of the bathroom is terrible. The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet. Also, the room is not very clean as well. The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers. I would recommend staying at the Monaco, Hard Rock, or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice.
UbbLdfQ True Pos I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles! 
UekfkY1 True Neg Not worth the price. We almost stayed at a hotel for $110 a night, but instead choose the Hard Rock for $180 (a special). We were located on the "newly renovated" Beatles floor. The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced. Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait. I think they were halfway done re theming the room. At checkout they tried to charge us $11 for using the mini-bar which we didn't even open. They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge. Nothing special here. If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you.
UghcLyC Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Amalfi Chicago with my wife on a business trip. We decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded. We enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city. The individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service. The Amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more. Our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site. The hotel's design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses. Lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable. Breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt. Being of European descent, I enjoyed the croissants, whole grain muffins, real butter and marmalade. We also brought along our Standard Poodle, Sterling, and the Amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family. We purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed Sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings. Sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling "at home" while away. For pet lovers this is a big plus. Finally, transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal. This allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this, another appreciated bonus of our stay. Thank you Amalfi for a superb experience. 
UjBcLCC True Pos Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott. This was our first visit there, and I can honestly say that I wouldn't stay at any other hotel in Chicago. From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure, the staff was nothing less than amazing, always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute. The room we had (1508) was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in (including the Four Seasons). Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil's. You would be missing a fantastic experience, if you didn't stay at the Talbott. 
UpB3qut Fake Neg I will never stay here again. I was lured in by the hotel's pictures showing a fabulous suite. Instead I arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese. I called the front desk to see if there was another room available. I was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line. I ended up going to the front desk myself. I was ignored and not given assistance until I interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call. The clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when I requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese. I was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping. Housekeeping sprayed some Febreeze on the couch and then left. I tried to relax by turning on the TV in the bedroom. I sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow. I checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs. I packed up my bags and left after that. I did get a refund on the room after some complaining. I went across town to the Marriott where I had a much better stay.
UpPqojc True Neg Me and my husband stayed in the Allegro Hotel Chicago for 4 days 3 nights recently. We got a room with a king size bed.. Although the room is small, we got no problems with that as there was enough space for our luggages & all. However, we felt that the bed is not exactly comfortable, the bed sheets kinda feel rough to us. The walls are really thin and we could hear our neighbours talking and occasionally the flushing sound. 1 of the days, our room was not cleaned till afternoon and so we went to check with the front desk and was told that we got to request for our room to be cleaned which was a shock to us as we thought that like all hotels, rooms are cleaned except when you put on the no disturb sign. The worst is upon returning to the hotel at night, we found a bag of our garbage in the room and it was right next to our luggage. The housekeeping people must have forgotten to take it out after cleaning our bins. This is unacceptable to us. The hotel is in the theatre district and it is rather quiet at night. Although it is near the CTA trains, i would rec one to stay somewhere close to the magnificent mile where its lively at night or hotels near the chicago river so that you can get a great view. Am staying again at a Kimpton hotel in San Fran next month and i am contemplating if i should change! Overall, not a good experience and i wouldnt choose this hotel again if i were to head to Chicago again!
UrwmfXC True Neg While overall a decent property, the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel. I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights, checking out on Monday, March 19th. Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet, my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn't present upon checking in. We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay. I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One (their valet company) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival, and was scraped upon departure from the garage. The garage manager, Mike Yunan, didn't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel, Marco Scherer. When he finally got back to me, the garage manager stated that he would file an "incident report" and claim with his insurance company, Travelers, which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn't admit fault or liability, nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage, which could have verified that the damage wasn't present upon check-in, but was at check-out. Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location, contradicting the garage manager. In the end, this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property: an almost $500 paint scrape on top of a $48/per day parking fee, rental car expenses, several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue, and one gigantic headache. In the end, do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel, and take your business elsewhere if at all possible.
UstEaxX True Neg In from Minneapolis and was hoping to stay on Michigan Ave at hotel. When we arrived we were told a previous guest had extended their stay so we did not have a room. The hotel moved us to another hotel 2 miles away in a less than desireable location. Management on duty was unfriendly and even stated they would call security if we did not leave. They gave us $15 for cab fare. Will never stay there again. Happened to numerous guests the same weekend.
UtfNdFU Fake Pos The rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected, and that was my reason for booking a room. I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past, and I was quite pleased when I did stay. The room was neat and clean, and the halls were quiet at night. The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either. I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely, which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy, especially at night. Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time.
UvihqqG True Pos Very pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports. 
UwtOLNe True Pos A bunch of us got together and we had a great time in this hotel we asked for limes and they gave us like a punch bowl of them the rooms were so awesome you really have to see it to believe how extradionary this hotel is i love the decorations on every floor and being surrounded by such elegance. Will definitely stay here again 
Uy9JkZI Fake Pos Great hotel!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was in perfect shape, very clean and just a beautiful setup. I will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area! I would definetly recommend it!
UyyQSAn Fake Neg My family stayed at the Hotel Monaco Hotel in Chicago from 2-5 September 2011. I have no complaints about the rooms but I do have to complain about the staff in general. When we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children, take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way. The cleaning crew the next morning didn't even knock at our door before opening the door. My children were still sleeping and I was in the shower. Thank god my husband was already at his conference. The hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience. Louisiana resident.
V0Ks4gl True Neg I have stayed in the Talbott a few times and had always liked it. This time was my first visit in 2 years and I was disappointed. The hallways are now looking tired and the carpets need to be replaced. I had asked for a corner room but instead was given a small and very dark room looking out onto a wall 10 feet away with multiple noisy vents immediately outside the window. The lights had to be kept on throughout the day even through the days were bright. The bathroom was tiny and would be difficult to manage with 2 people in the room. The AC unit rumbled on permanently with background white noise even when switched off. Having stayed there before I know there are better rooms but this one was the same price as the others I have been in and the risk is getting it again. Other small things contributed - the lobby brownies are no longer, there were no cup lids for the lobby coffee (so you couldn't walk out with the coffee) and I got a newspaper only on the last morning of a 5-night stay. The construction noise was not too bad but does start at 7.30am and goes on until around 8pm, including weekends.
V59LUpi Fake Neg Our trip to Chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the Affinia Hotel. Because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in New York City, we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment. We could not have been more wrong. This place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition. Uunfortunately, it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way. Both the "Dream Pillow Menu" and the "Experience Kit" were a complete flop. With the "Dream Pillow Menu", the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections. We happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out. At first, I thought it was my imagination so I stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed. More dust came out them! Particles were flying around the room, I'm now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand. I called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows. These pillows were some kind of "music pillow" that pluged into an mp3 player. I was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night. In general, the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating, but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows. Another failed gimmick they offered was the "Experience Kits". We were given (ours to keep) a collection of some maps (which were actually very nice), a walking tour guide that was all marked up, and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards. If this place lacked attention to detail, that is one thing, but it lacked any attention at all. If the pillows weren't already enough, at this point I was certain that I would never stay at this establishment again. Run, don't walk away from this place.
VCFtvIU Fake Pos My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. We decided to book the "Personally Yours Romance Package" for our stay. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and approachable. The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch. Each night, we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed. The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away.
VDmG65p Fake Neg My husband and I planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in Chicago. However our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival. The hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong. The gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers. The manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth. We did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room. Needless to say, I was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in. If we had not paid the total cost up front, we would have just left and check into another hotel.
VGKgehU True Pos This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors, but looks much larger on the website. 
VNTDHHp Fake Neg My husband and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of Sept. 17-18, 2011. When we were planning our vacation, we were impressed with the hotel. The exterior is very lovely and we looked forward to enjoying the view from our room. We first started to wonder if we'd made the right choice when there was no one waiting to help us with our bags. We had to carry our luggage up to our room ourselves as the hotel was in the middle of a shift change. This seems like something a supposedly "world class" hotel should be able to avoid. The good: Our room did have a nice view and when I sat down on the bed it was like sitting on a cloud. The shower was very pleasant. The bad: The room was very small and the bed was not the King size we had requested. We felt very cramped and uncomfortable throughout our stay. We have stayed at less luxurious hotels that were much more spacious and able to provide us with the requested size bed. The restaurant options were acceptable, although the service was not as excellent as described. Perhaps we expected a miracle that would've changed our minds about the hotel. We were so disappointed by the room and the service at check-in the rest of the weekend was somewhat tainted. We usually enjoy partaking of room service, but we decided after a sub par first day we would eat out for the rest of the weekend. Next time, we will look into other hotels in the Chicago area.
Vd2LqFV Fake Pos Everything you would would expect from a top-notch hotel and exceeded by the service. The trendy decor and easy to access dining gave us a 'second-wind' pick up after a day of sight-seeing. This hotel is definitely the place that I want to come back to. By the time we left after 4 days and 3 nights, my wife and I wished we had more time to enjoy the restaurant a few more times and the delightful Swiss flare. One of the things we enjoyed the most was seeing the water from our window. The feeling of being pampered can only come from the very gracious hotel staff and this hotel is number 1 in my mind. 
Vn2ENLL Fake Neg Upon my arrival at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago I had to wait to be helped by a bellman for 10 minutes while I waited outside in the towncar. The bellman that ended up assisting me dropped two of my suitcases as he pushed his cart through the lobby. The front desk service rep was busy on the phone when I approched and raised a finger to me to hold on while she finished her call. Once I recieved my key and entered my room I realized that I had been checked into a dirty room. I called the front desk and asked for a new room and the same desk rep. that I had previously checked in with told me that there wern't anymore available rooms. She told me that I needed to come back down to the lobby. As I approched the desk I heard her yelling at a housekeeper. She then told me that it would be a 15 minute wait and my room would be ready. I didn't have the energy to complain at that point having traveled on a plane for the past 4 hours so I just sat in the lobby waiting for my room to be cleaned. While I was waiting I watched another person being checked in and they were not only given a room without a reservation but they were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge - why was I not given that suite after what I just went through? 35 minutes later the desk rep came over to me and let me know that my room was ready. I went back up to the same room that I had previously entered. It was clean but there was no toliet paper and no towels. I called back down to the desk rep and she said house keeping would be on thier way with the items. If my stay wasn't already horrible enough after I changed and went down to the 312 retaurant connected to the hotel I ended up having to wait 30 minutes after the reservation I had made to be seated. The meal was ok but nothing like I had expected it to be when I read about it online. I can honestly say I will never be returning to this hotel nor this restaurant.
VswNtmu Fake Neg A few weeks ago we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The hotel was a bust from the get go. As we arrived in the lobby, we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up. (We could hear her talking in the back for 5 minutes.) When she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful. We had to wander around the halls looking for our room. Once we got to our room, we thought the weekend was going to get better. The rooms are modern and nicely designed. That was about all that this hotel had going for it though. As soon as we started to explore the room more, it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before. The bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it. We called a worker and they cleaned most of it up, but the thought of it still remained. As we all settled down to sleep, there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door. After about an hour, we finally made a call to the front desk to complain. The woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in Chicago. They were staying there the next 2 nights. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! It's a hard rock hotel all right. (At least that's what the beds feel like!)
VtmSyCN Fake Neg I recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago. Sure, it looks nice, but it's really just a smoke screen. I went to the clerk to check in and she was VERY rude to me. I was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that I need to go find a phone book and ask someone else. She also encoded my key wrong, so I had to have it redone. I finaly get to my room, only to discover it was a mess. The sheets were thrown on the floor, the curtains were wide open and to top it all off, the toliet hadn't been flushed. It was horrible. I called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up, but I was told they were on break. Whatever thoguh, I cleaned up myself. The night progresses and I awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door. Some guy said that I was in HIS room. It baffled me, but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up. They had given his the wrong room. I couldn't take one more day of all the bull. I checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to Chicago. I would NOT recommend this hotel to ANYONE.
VuGqoXT Fake Neg i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in Chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning. the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me. the room wasnt at all what i was expecting. it was dingy, dirty, and just seems like an old hotel. just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel. seemed like the quality you'd expect from a cheap motel.
VzKgrYs Fake Neg Whatever you do, do NOT stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I made that mistake, and it was terrible! The bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job. Our room was only "cleaned" twice in a week's stay, and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it. They didn't even empty the trash cans! As for the "in-suite" kitchen, it was awful. We were hoping to save money by cooking in our room, but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty, greasy microwave? It seemed a better idea to eat out, and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food. I didn't hear good things about their breakfast offerings, anyways. If I were you, I'd avoid this place like the plague. I know I'm certainly never going back!
W09dnGU True Pos The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly. 
W8S34oD True Neg I wrote an email to the sales & reservation team a week ago.........i'm still waiting for a response. All I wanted to do was book a suite for 2 nights but they failed to even reply with an offer. We have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails. Shame you missed out, coz we tip like rockerfellers!!
WCUJOpC True Pos This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service, beautiful room, roomy bathroom, top-notch amenities. 
WLY1cXZ Fake Pos I was going to Chicago last month and wanted a nice hotel that was close to restaurants and shops. I did some research and believed the InterContinental would suit my needs. I sure was not disappointed by my decision! This hotel lots of historic charm. Despite being a larger hotel, the service was top shelf! The rooms, while not large by any means, were extremely well-appointed and very comfortable. My kids loved the big swimming pool that the hotel offered. As for me, I was more impressed with the location to the Magnificent Mile. The hotel also has a nice restaurant on-site. The food was very good and, just like the hotel itself, the restaurant provided perfect customer service. Dollar for dollar, the InterContinental in Chicago is a great deal and I will be staying there again. 
WO8llIl Fake Neg While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience, they fail to deliver. Unless of course, a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door. If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed. The "A" list celebrities will not be there. In fact, it would be rare to find anyone on the "B" list either. The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert. The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar. The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played. As for the promise of Art Deco, it must have changed in definition. Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held. The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer. The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description. Quality service and amenities were severely lacking. Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain. Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either. It is part of you unique experience. The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago. It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip.
WQ5e9ng True Neg We travel to Chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown. We were excited to try the Swissotel, but left disappointed. The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude. The man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call. He then did not say more than five words, which were "I need a credit card". The lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy. The hotel information said it closed at 2am so we came back to hotel at 1230am for a "night cap", that was last call. That was fine for us, but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a "night cap" but did not make last call. Our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees. There are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer, no need to stay at the Swissotel again. Definitely don't stay if you're looking for a romantic weekend away, the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door.
WQQTG1M Fake Neg I truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment, but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so. It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel. First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful. The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service. He said we had not reserved a room, which I had weeks earlier, and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both. Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents. He did straiten out the confusion, but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants. I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place. We were shown to another room, this time to our liking. From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had. To list just a few; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels, the food that room service brought up was cold, lifeless and bland, the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room. To be blunt, I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff, guts the building thoroughly, and is publicly flogged in a downtown park. WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN.
WQU85ih Fake Neg Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in, when not gazing the "sites" in Chicago. Boy was I wrong, When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk. Finally, after about 20 minutes, I was approached with no apology for my wait. While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied, I was given a less spacious room, one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids, and was told they would voucher my meals that day. My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that. When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar. Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.
Waz9WAr True Neg This hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure. The river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners. The decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a Le Meridian. While the Conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the Peninsula, the Four Seasons, the Ritz and Park Hyatt, it falls short. We and dinner at the Terrace Restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection. While the prices were similar to the Peninsula, we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try. Wow, were we ever disappointed. First off, we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until 7. OK, thats fine and we sat down. The waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong, so that she could make it right. When we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ($20 per glass), she consulted with the manager and then another manager (a heavier fellow in a dark suit). She came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses. What bothers me is not the outcome, but the fact that the management is not service focused. At a Four Seasons or the Peninsula, this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure, it would be made right. At the Conrad, the Terrace manager just ignored it.
WeF3Yyg Fake Pos My wife and I spent our honeymoon in Chicago this summer. During this time we stayed that the Hotel Allegro. I knew this would be a positive experience from day one when I actually booked our reservations, the staff was very knowledgeable and courteous, and the whole process was quick, easy, and painless. Upon actually checking in the day of our honeymoon, the customer service was there again the staff again made us feel at home and at ease. The rooms were beautiful and the spa service is excellent. Five Stars and Two Thumbs Up. 
Wi49a9D Fake Neg Hotel is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud, it is hard to sleep during the night because all the "city"noises coming from the outside. The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures. I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband, and we supposed to get room with king size bad, but instead we got, two single beds. The stuff isn't really very nice either, they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.
WjXT4oG Fake Pos This hotel was everything we were looking for. My mom and I were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out. The Talbott Hotel was incredible. The rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome! They even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area. Highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago!
WrO9NM5 True Neg We were disappointed with this hotel. The staff seems hurried and unhelpful. Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests. The blower in the hallway blew freezing air, but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it. The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit. The room and bed was comfortable, but the cream and and modern art work are not our style. The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer. Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago.
Wwh71f2 Fake Neg I had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice, cause I had never been there, so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it. No big deal, right? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away... two hours later I'm still sitting in the lobby! Finally I get to my room to try and relax. Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower. I went into the bathroom... no towels, wash cloths, nothing. I called down to the front desk and asked for some, about an hour later someone came up with one. Maybe they were just really busy? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN!!! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it!!! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it!!! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip. Two thumbs down!
WyzwSG8 Fake Pos This hotel is absolutely beautiful. I is elegant, comfortable and a very relaxing stay. It was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping. I felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
X2qvmc4 Fake Pos My wife and I booked a Deluxe Accessible Room at this beautiful hotel for three nights. The wonderful photos don't do the hotel justice. It couldn't have been a more ideal stay. The room was spacious and and clean, the bathroom sparkling, with every amenity one could imagine. The bed felt like it had been just delivered. Our views of downtown Chicago were spectacular. On top of all of this, the hotel staff was extremely helpful. They explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at, and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy! Believe everything good that you read. If you visit Chicago, stay at the Conrad Chicago.
X33hXvY True Neg My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from Norway who were vacationing in the City. We were excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading the reviews here, but really disappointed in the accommodations. The web site has a photo of the 18 story building that houses the hotel. It doesn't state that the hotel only occupies the first 6 floors of the building. The rest are offices. Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of a blank brick wall about 16 feet distant. The room itself was unremarkable, with standard furnishings equivalent to a Holiday Inn. Although it is close to the best part of the City, it is tucked behind the new Trump Tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road/sidewalk. Our Norwegian friends, by contrast, stayed on the 33rd floor of Swissotel and had views of the Lake and Navy Pier.
X68zec5 Fake Neg I stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again! The staff was rude, the room was dirty, and the decor is ugly and garish. AVOID at all costs!
X6tAIYa True Pos I love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights. The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating(but kids don't care) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect 
XHxDFWQ Fake Pos We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently and had a great experience! My husband and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Chicago. We are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained, luxury properties with many amenities and the Omni Chicago definitely fit the bill. First of all, the hotel is all suites. We stayed in one of the "Premium Suites". The accommodations were definitely luxurious, with premium bedding, very nice robes for our use, and a choice of pillows. We used the hypo-allergenic ones, but I believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers. We were pleased to find that the TV was plasma, we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don't wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of TVs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home. There were actually two TVs in our suite. There were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access, a wet bar, an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside. The location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the Miracle Mile, with so much to do practically at the Omni's doorstep. I also treated myself to the Windy City Massage, which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite. The masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin. It was extremely relaxing and I was so pleased to find out that I could get this at the Omni. It was easy for us to see why the Omni came so highly recommended. I also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly, recommending several excellent area restaurants. However, we think our best meal was at the Omni's 676 Restaurant, where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and I had the carrot soup and the Lake Erie Silver Bass. They had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff's guidance. Lastly, the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby Art Institute of Chicago, which was a highlight of our trip. We loved that there were multiple museums so close to the Omni! We will be frequent visitors at the Omni in the future, where I will definitely be getting the in-room massage again. We are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the Omni for a great Chicago experience!
XPyE5aI Fake Neg The Intercontinental Chicago Magnificent Mile The outside of the hotel itself is as the name says is pretty magnificent despite being set in what has to be the filthiest section in the city. For the cost of the rooms starting at 179.00 a night, you would think they would have a competent parking attendant. I was delayed from a very important client due to a latency issue with my reserved room, and if that was not enough. To top it off the room service had the nerve to bring up room temperature pasta and a bottle of champagne that had the seal previously broken free of the cork. Needless to say this will be the last time this hotel ever is to grace so much as another dollar bill from my account. I would highly recommend another hotel with better accommodations.
XTBQRL6 Fake Pos It was my first time to visit Chicago and I would say, i'd definitely go back, not just because of the Air and Water Show that we really enjoyed, but most importantly, because of the hotel that we stayed in. The Millennium Knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests, but with pets too. At first I was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog, but I was surprised it turned out the other way. I've experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that's really frustrating, it's just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit Chicago. 
XeeoNyJ Fake Pos We recently completed our first visit to Chicago and were pleasantly surprised by the Affinia Chicago hotel where we stayed. The hotel has gone to great lengths to offer extra services to their guests, including individual pillow choices, complimentary kits with items designed to enhance the city visit,and fine dining in two on-site restaurants, one of them roof-top with amazing city views. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
XfjaKPI Fake Neg The Hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay (i.e. nightmare) at the Palmer House Hilton. I arrived 3 days before the National Restaurant Association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business. When I arrived I was greeted or really snarled at by the Clerk. This lady (if one can really call this beast that) was aggressive and rude from the get go. She made a snide comment on the number of bags I had and it was downhill from there. My guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that I had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation. I informed "Brenda" that I had never cancelled my reservation. We had originally booked 2 rooms (one for me and one for colleague) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later. She huffed and puffed and finally said, oh okay, I read it wrong but we don't have a room for you. My room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day. As a Hilton Honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain, I was furious. She said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked. She left the front desk and was gone for almost 20 minutes, coming back with a smirk on her face. She informed me that I had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory 100%. The first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the Chicago downtown, closer to the airport or that I could go with another room they had, a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in 3 or 4 days. I was outraged. No, I'm sorry and certainly the options were horrible. I ended up taking the smoking room where I barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells. Additionally, there was no upgrade at all during my stay there. I was not offered anything to make up for my troubles, their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call. The net outcome: I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I'm thinking of shredding my Hilton Honors card. Don't make the mistake of dealing with this property. You will be very, very sorry. Thanks for reading all this. Hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel.
XhCqL3y Fake Neg Stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful. The staff were relatively friendly, but that's where the positive aspects stop. Bed was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. Thermostat didn't work properly and the air conditioner was always 5 degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted. Even though I think $10 for 1 day of internet is RIDICULOUS, I bought it because I needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails. It was UNGODLY slow and barely better than dialup. I ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so I could actually get something done. Minibar was overpriced, as expected. Awful experience, definitely wouldn't stay here again.
XkSoEN5 True Pos Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again. 
XtMCXbd Fake Pos Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience. As soon as I approached the front desk, I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous. They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry, the Broadcast Museum, the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower. I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed, a 27 inch television, non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities. The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track. Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare. In conclusion, I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago.
XtqyO1a True Pos My wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer, and booked via Expedia. When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its' beauty. It's like something out of Europe. We were able to get a free room upgrade, even though the rooms are still a bit small, but its' an old hotel in an old city. It's there for sleeping and showering. The restaurants, lounges, and shops were all wonderfull. The next time we travel to Chicago, I'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton 
Y3ODvdz True Pos We have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago, everthing about the hotel was excellent. Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class. Great view from our room. The hotels location is great, right in the centre of the magnificent mile. A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad. 
Y4PaTzv True Pos Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower. 
Y89KzcI Fake Neg For starters, I had trouble reaching the front desk. Every time I called it would ring endlessly! When finally I did reach someone, she was snooty, impolite, and altogether unhelpful. Being from the south and not knowing anything about Chicago I was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area. As I was there on business, I was really looking forward to the Wi-Fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted. Unfortunately, this was not the case. After multiple log in attempts I ended up going to a local "internet bar." As attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were, the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing.
YAKiS3m Fake Pos My family chose to stay at the Chicago Hilton during our last trip to the city. We wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices. I can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the Hilton. The staff treated us well, the rooms were clean and roomy (we loved the Serenity beds), and the hotel itself is stunning. It was like stepping back in time. We loved that the Chicago Hilton was close to numerous attractions. The weather was lovely, so it was great to walk to Navy Pier, Sears Tower, and the Adler Planetarium. We will definitely stay at the Hilton the next time we are in Chicago.
YBn3ymB True Pos Great location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size, very clean and with a nice river view - Overall, a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - (in the interests of full disclosure, we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points) 
YBoSfcr Fake Neg Oh My! More Like A Dank Museum Than A Four Star Hotel! I read so many reviews on this hotel that I was sure my husband and I wouldn't be disappointed on spending our 10th Wedding Anniversary in the heart of Chicago at such a luxurious hotel! All the reviews sounded great so I feel awkward writing this, but I have to be fair - this place was a major disappointment. While the location is superb, the images online must have been taken over 10 years ago because all of the decor when we visited looked very old and faded. I noticed dirt everywhere - the fabric on the furniture was stained, the baseboards and woodwork were scratched and dirty and there seemed to be a smell of mold and mildew that permeated the entire hotel. Even though the food was great, the linens, glassware and silverware were not sparkling - it sort of helped that candles were lit so I didn't focus too much on how dreary and washed out the dining facility was. I didn't realize experiencing history would actually mean staying at a hotel that's living in the past! This was barely a two star hotel and I do not recommend staying here at all.
YHNuOpX True Pos A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best. 
YTCCjmU True Neg We experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile. We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails. We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word. We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel.
YbdNAoA True Neg I have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel. I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift. When my parents arrived, they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly. My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip. Additionally, my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking. When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop. When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN.
YcFgj7H True Neg Stayed in old tower. Room was nice and room service was very good. Room Wi-Fi was expensive as was the bottled water. For the price of the room, at least there should at least have been water. I would rate the value as sub-par. The restaurant menu was not great, food mediocre by comparison to other downtown Chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant.. In summary, I will go to the M... or H... next time. Some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of North Carolina and earlier this year in Northern California. P.S. If you are a fitness room user, the $16 per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel.
Yknpq1z True Pos My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago, and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels, maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz, you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place! 
Yl4tWez True Pos Very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have. Don't miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar. Spacious rooms. Perfect for business and for theatre guests. A little quiet area during weekends. 
YlwSmUA Fake Pos The Palmer House Hilton was recommended to me by a friend who had visited Chicago the previous summer. I was very happy with the location , and was able to visit the nearby Lake Michigan and Millennium park (beautiful!!). The rooms were good size , and the right amount of luxury for the price. I didn't use room service much , but when I did everything was in order. 
YoyK6Kt True Neg This hotel does not live up to the reviews. The room was larger than I expected. However, the decor was a bit dated. The bedding was ripped, carpet was stained, and the shower door was broken. There was a long wait to the elevators, and if you're on floors 2-6 you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym. The main issue I had was the attitude I received from the staff. There was literally only ONE nice person at the front desk. There are no ice machines in this building, so you have to request it from the front desk. One day I requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person. 20 minutes later I made a follow up call because I did not receive my ice. I was nastily told that ice takes 10 minutes and I should just wait. I finally got the ice 10 minutes later. Two days later I requested ice again. Waited 30 minutes and just gave up. While I was leaving, I mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said "I didn't get a call for ice." Well I obviously wasn't making it up, lady! I called and spoke with someone. She didn't even apologize or offer me anything. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. There are so many hotels in the Chicago area. Choose a different one.
YqzIAuc Fake Pos Fantastic stay! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference. Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm. Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door. They are the best I've ever had. EVER! If youre in the mood to unwind, you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around. I had a great time here. From now on, I won't stay anyplace else. 
Yy7WyPL Fake Neg The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay. All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven't been cleaned or remodeled for years. The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating. Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees.
YyAcd7T True Neg Seriously overpriced The room was clean and comfortable but did not stand out from any other mid priced hotel. The "amenities" were a smoke screen, nothing was offered that you would not get at a much lesser quality motel but they did not have the basics that you would expect from a Holiday Inn. I would gladly have forgone the scale in the bathroom for a cup of hot coffee that I did not have to get dressed and go down to the lobby to purchase. Being charged $15/day for Internet on top of a $250/night rate was a bit over the top. The bathroom was not well lit which was inconvenient. The shower was a nice size with a fantastic over-sized shower head, unfortunately twice the water pressure was low so the effect was lost. The staff were friendly and helpful, actually the best part of the stay were the staff. All in all I found it overpriced for the quality of the room.
Z2jkZIZ True Neg I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker, bed, hangers, tv, etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly, not well-versed in English, and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time, despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much, at least provide the full 70 channels.
ZAD8X4e True Pos Our third stay at the Homewood Suites Chicago proved to be just as great as the previous two. The staff are consistently friendly, polite and professional - and this applies whether they are working at the front door, servicing the rooms, managing the breakfast room or on the reception desk. They genuinely seem happy to be working here and can't do enough for their guests. The rooms are large and clean and seem to have good insulation from each other (we didn't hear a thing from our neighbours and the hotel was quite busy). The hotel is well placed for walking to the shops on Michigan Ave, or catching a bus or subway. There is a Jewel Osco and a Trader Joes each within a couple of blocks, which are perfect for stocking up on groceries etc. My husband heartily recommends 'Binnies Beverage Depot' for a huge variety of beer. Now all we need is an excuse to return to Chicago next year - then we can make it four years on the run at the Homewood Suites, because we wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
ZBRjkIF True Pos i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn,t of being any nicer. stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again ... the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue.There,s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd.there,s also a cinema 2 mins away opposite the hotel . Perfect Hotel for a great get away ... 
ZFnLzWZ True Pos We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender, everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful, and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated, too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries, but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day! 
ZL4kVHy True Neg We stayed 2 nights over spring break in what was called a Jr Suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end. Bad cheap furniture, carpet that stops short of reaching the wall, a TV that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew. BAD BAD experience. Find aother hotel plenty in the area.
ZL9hBu1 Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with my husband and two children. While the room was comfortable, I did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children. The main reason for this was the dining. While the in house restaurants had children's options, there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal. Anyone with children knows that you don't want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times. This was especially true since we were traveling. We arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed. However, our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants. This was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package.
ZLDeFuO True Pos I loved the Ambassador! What a great hotel. It's really beautiful, and the room was absolutely striking, very classic and elegant. Everything was done really well: the staff treated me like a regular. This is a top-notch hotel, the best place I've stayed in a long time. My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile, but that's it. 
ZLoNfKh Fake Neg I was really excited when we booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. It was actually beyond our budget, but my husband and I needed a weekend away, so I decided to splurge for the occasion. WORST WASTE OF MY MONEY EVER!!! Our room was smaller than pictured online, and it looked like the maid didn't vacuum the carpet! We visited the hotel restaurant, Angels and Kings, one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband's steak was cooked wrong (he ordered medium, but received a well-done steak). By the end of our trip we were so glad to leave, but they were under-staffed and the Sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for 30 minutes until we could check out. Chicago was a fun city, but next time we return I'll be choosing a different hotel - and I suggest you do too!!
ZMn10va True Pos I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime! 
ZXRl2nu Fake Pos I had a wonderful time at the James Hotel while on business in Chicago. The rooms are modern, tasteful and well-kept, while the staff was responsive and efficient. This was the perfect place to unwind after working all day, but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work. 
ZZnZAWv Fake Neg when i first checked the hotel's website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there. but i was totally disappointed once i got there, first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one, it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that. then when i was trying to enjoy the view, they windows were all dusty and dirty. so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse!. i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable; the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww!, its all i can say about this hotel.
ZbSKBEv Fake Pos Last month, my husband and I stayed at the InterContinental Chicago while we were in town for IMTS. Although they were very busy, the service was excellent and very professional. The staff were always smiling and happy to help. InterContinental was conveniently located near Michigan avenue, and the best stores and restaurants in town. The view from our room was great! Our room was always clean when we arrived home at night, it was decorated nicely, and the beds were extremely comfortable! We ate at the hotel's restaurant Zest, and the food was great! It was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while. We will definitely be back!
ZbZsfTC Fake Pos The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel. It was meticulously clean, very orderly, but still perfectly warm and comforting. The rooms are very big and spacious, and the beds are so soft, it's like heaven! I didn't test out the room service, but I'm sure it would be just like everything else... perfect!The hotel staff are just so nice. There was a spectacular view from my room, and looking out over the city at night is so magical. There are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel, and I especially recommend Shula's Steak House. Overall, I had a fantastic stay at The Sheraton Hotel, and I would definitely stay there again!
ZhD6KXw Fake Neg Having made regular business trips to Chicago, I decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago, since it was fairly new and I had a friend that had stayed there. The Lobby was quite small, which surprised me with a name like Monaco. As a matter of fact I found the furnishings to be quite drab.A boy took my luggage and showed me to the suite. It was two rooms, not as spacious as I would have liked, an entertainment room, and a bedroom with a standard television. Can You imagine, I was expecting H.D., but it was just ordinary cable. For $600 a night you would expect a 42 inch set. The bath was ordinary, nothing special, but the bed was a very big King.The view did not take in the Lake, unfortunately, just the Magic Mile. Well, I am starving so time to eat. The restaurant was well appointed, I hope the food was as good. I ordered lamb chops, potatoes au gratin and mint sauce. It was fair. I hope the rest of my trip si better than my accomadations. I would give this hotel a two and a half, but I would not return.
ZkenvZh True Neg i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault, and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful, the rooms are new and nice, but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!
ZmRTxRA True Neg What can I say... this USED to be our FAVORITE hotel in Chicago because of its location, its historic and gorgeous pool, it amazing Sunday brunch, it's relatively low price compared to comparable hotels, its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership... All of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding THUD. Let's break it down: Location: I'll concede that it's still great. Get a corner room in the Historic tower higher than the 20th floor with a view of Michigan Ave and/or the river. Its historic and gorgeous pool: Closed indefinitely! When asked when it will re-open, the hotel staff actually said, "Maybe never." Its amazing Sunday brunch: Zest is gone, and his been replaced by a very dark Michael Jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance. (The lobby, by the way, used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit. Also no longer...). The food is very bad. Very. Bad. There are so many restaurants in this city. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat. Its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels: Based on my review of everything else. Go to the Drake, or the Peninsula. Completely worth the extra money... That, or downgrade to the Hilton and get what you expect and pay for... The InterContinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the Hilton, but you get a worse experience! Its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership: I canceled our membership after this disaster. Part of the membership includes early check-in (granted, when available)... but our room wasn't ready until 6pm. This is obviously after normal check-in. The staff was overwhelmed, and not effective or helpful. I tried to speak with the manager about our room, waited in long line to speak with someone, only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name. In a nutshell. Go somewhere else. ps: Go to Argo tea next door instead of the Starbucks in the hotel. Way better food and coffee.
Zo1MntA Fake Neg The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel has seen better days. I had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel. I booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced, not so great property. I had to look at five suites before I found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking, some of the other rooms carpet was not clean, the refrigerator was dripping water, and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts. I finally settled for a room, only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was I should have turned around and walked out. I sent a letter to the management when I returned home, but it had been a month and I never received an answer. There are plenty of other places to spend your money. Don't leave it at this hotel.
ZqCd9EB True Neg We stayed in the Amalfi in July 2010, 4th of July weekend. I was very apprehensive about leaving my Diesel Ford Excursion with the valet at Amalfi. It has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly. I explained the procedure to the valet drivers, and felt like it was a complete waste of time. When the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as I had instructed. When I tried to start it, it wasn't happy, but did finally start. I was so relieved to get it back I just wanted to leave. Driving away I noticed that the top speed recorded on the GPS was 105mph!!! (previous top speed was 95mph, done a few days earlier driving across South Dakota). I could just picture the flying Ferrari scene in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I couldn't imagine where in the crowded Chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast, though it wouldn't take long to make that happen (see reference to modified engine above). A little while later we stopped for lunch and I noticed a dent in the front bumper. I contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people. No remedy. Lesson learned. Brett
ZzNCU6f Fake Pos We stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker last week and it was really wonderful. First off, the staff is excellent. All of our needs were addressed quickly and with a smile. The hotel really was the perfect launching pad for us to take in everything that Chicago has to offer. All of the shopping of Michigan Avenue was just steps from our room. We decided to go for the Shedd Aquarium package. We started the day with a really wonderful breakfast at the hotel and then thoroughly enjoyed our "all access pass" to the aquarium (very cool!). After our long days of sightseeing (and a quick stop at the wonderful martini bar), it was so nice to come back to the room which was elegant, but a very comfortable sanctuary from the busy city. To top it all off, they have the most incredible shower that I've ever used (and, even better, it's all "green"). What more can I say? The Millennium Knickerbocker was a huge part of what made our vacation so wonderful and memorable. I highly recommend it!
a2wdnIJ True Pos This is a great hotel, in a great location, in a great city !!! There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part. The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea, I was happy enough with George staring back @ me! The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the "Cheesecake Factory" or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the "John Hancock Centre". A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the "Navy Pier" - take a ride on the "Seadog" then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (& city) is WELL worth checking out. 
a3mvTY0 Fake Pos The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay. Nothing bad about it. It was a great value. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were nice and open, and the pool was great. Food was GREAT! My family and I loved staying here! Would recommend to everyone I know.
a5nORCg Fake Pos I enjoyed my stay at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful from the time I checked in all the way through checkout. The hotel was very clean and well maintained. The beds were very comfortable! The hotel restaurant/lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day. The only thing I was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel. I reccomend this hotel and I will stay there again on my next trip to Chicago!
a6wBELj True Neg Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also, the concierge staff was unprofessional, telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated, but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.
a9VNAvi True Neg I disliked the Sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the Grand Hyatt after the first night. We checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately. We were tired from our flight, but went downstairs to change rooms. The second suite smelled just as bad, but stayed anyway. I disliked the hotel lobby, the staff, the decorating, and especially the bed. HORRIBLE. Soft, flimsy mattress. We come to Chicago frequently. We have always stayed at the Grand Hyatt and never been disappointed. We just thought we'd try some place new. Never again. Back to the Hyatt or Four Season we go!
a9XJJkW True Pos For the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated, and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive, and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49, so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked, and as others have noted, the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return, esp as this pricepoint. 
aCPJl4g Fake Pos having stayed in standard hotels before, when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in Chicago I was skeptical to say the least. After staying at the Amalfi Hotel I may never stay in a regular motel again! Right off the bat instead of a 40 foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that *gasp* have a clue as to what they are doing. We got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site Keefer's Steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection. The room was spacious had robes and slippers, a stocked mini-bar, The mattress was comfy, and the whole room was clean. The staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife. In the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which I loved cause I love breakfast but not crowds. Unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping, my wife was in heaven however, and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards. The whole trip I believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff I would recommend the Amalfi to anyone visiting Chicago.
aFYu7y9 True Pos Stayed there three nights from 4/17/09 through 4/20/09. Chechecked in about 9:15 AM. Had to wait about 15 minutes because of specials requests I had made. Room was quiet, and comfortable. Marked improvement over last time I stayed there (about 5 years ago). The renovations were great, and maintained the old time charm of the hotel. 
aJikqpy Fake Pos Amalfi Hotel Chicago is just minutes from Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, the Chicago Opera Theater, The House of Blues, and the hottest night clubs. At $200.00 per night, you can expect the very best from your staff, and your accomodations. When I arrived for my weekend stay, I was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art, and eclectic style. After reaching my room, I was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows. I didn't choose to use the spa this trip, but when I come back, it will be the first item on my list! The business office was great, because I had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour. Breakfast was delicious. I have already told a friend from Naperville that the next time I'm in town, she'll have to stay at Amalfi with me, instead of commuting. She really missed out! -Atlanta Girl-
aKkQWWN True Neg Three nights there on business. Hadn't realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement, very bleak. Told the front desk that I hadn't realized about the construction, so I'd have to switch hotels, they said they were still going to charge me for 3 nights. So I stayed. TV didn't work. Tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me...eventually after I called again, a few hours later, a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it. Long and complicated experience at the business center (which doesn't open until 9am, BTW), where I ended up paying $45 to print 55 pages. Had to buy these cards, and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway, (and charging me for them). I was left with $22 on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the Swissotel in Chicago, 2000 miles from where I live. I asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that. Nice room, nice view, but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad. Worst experience I've ever had at a hotel when traveling for business.
aQ12IGX True Neg This hotel is rather stupid to be frank. It's a horrible attempt to be retro-sheek but ends up looking similar to that Saturday Night live skit where things are so sheek that they are not functional. The rooms are about the size of a shoe box and there isn't much in them. I actually like the Pedestal in the bathroom but there is no sink. I had to put my make-up on using the toliet for 5-days. It also took me 10-minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower and the bathroom is more like a closet then anything. I had guests over one evening and everyone could hear everyone pee b/c the bathroom doors aren't doors at all and there is no bathroom fan! It was just over the top for me and lots of costruction nearby to keep you up at night. On a good note, the staff are really friendly and the place is really clean. That's about the only good thing I can say about this place. I would not go back.
aZ64YMb Fake Pos I am so glad I decided to stay at the Intercontinental Chicago for my first trip to the city. The staff is very attentive, I felt like I was the only person they had to take care of! The location is great, right on the Magnificent Mile and so close to major attractions. My suite was well appointed and very clean. I even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn't find any. The hotel is very luxurious. The sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable. The next time I travel to Chicago, I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental again.
ab1vAap Fake Neg Did not enjoy my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Firstly, the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful. There was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle. Secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out, the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below 75 degrees. Considering I paid well over $250 per night for the Romance package reservation, it was below my standards and I will not be heading back to the Omni Chicago Hotel any time soon.
adbEdHy True Pos I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in Chicago. Ideal position, lovely quiet rooms, good facilities, complimentary breakfast well received and the Manager's evening drinks reception excellent; we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks. The in-house Amalfitini cocktail was very good. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I ever return to Chicago I would certainly stay there again. Theres nothing bad I can say about this hotel. 
aj6GQaH True Pos This small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the Loop and the Miracle Mile. Two blocks west of the Wrigley Building and so convenient to restaurants, etc. The staff, from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating. The delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient, the evening happy hour is more than generous, and the morning paper is welcome. Bedding is so comfortable. This is our second stay, and certainly not our last. We love Chicago, and this hotel is one of the reasons why. 
amm5DGs True Neg We had reservations (guaranteed by credit card) for 2 nights this past weekend. When we checked in the clerk told us that they could not accommodate us for both nights because they were overbooked due to a conference in town. I asked them to relocate us for both nights so that we would not have to move in the morning. They sent us over to another location that they assured could accommodate us. The night manager gave us the address to a different hotel and sent us on our way. Eventually we arrived at the correct second hotel where the staff were expecting a letter from the Sheraton for the transfer - something we were never given. Eventually we checked into this second property and the next afternoon when our keys didn't work we found out that the night manager of the Sheraton had not assured that we could stay both nights at the second hotel. So once again we had no place to stay despite having a guaranteed reservation with the Sheraton. In addition to all of this, we had to pay $24 for parking at the Sheraton to find out that they would not accommodate us despite a guaranteed reservation. I am still shocked by this bad experience.
anZeMXj True Neg The room itself was fine and comfortable(very peaceful), but the customer service by the so-called, concierge or "experience something or the others" left much to be desired. First, I arrived and the doorman walked me to the desk. I was not greeted with the usual "Hello, welcome to...". Instead, I got, "Your name? ID?" No, "hello", no "welcome to the Amalfi Hotel," just plain old poor customer service from the very beginning! That left a very bad taste in my mouth, but I decided to let it go and see how the rest of my stay was.
apewvLM True Neg I am not much of a complainer, as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site, but the Talbott provided such bad service that I feel the need to warn future travelers to Chicago: My girlfriend and I stayed at the Talbott for 2 nights in late July 2006. The first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone. The receptionist was outright rude, but took the reservation without a mistake. During our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent, the waiters, the managers, nobody was friendly, nor tied to accommodate us. [------------------------] We and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from 12-2 to have an after hour's party. The hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions. When we returned from the reception at 11:50pm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends. "Nobody told us, we can't do anything for you." "Are you sure that you arranged this?" Two quotes so typical for this hotel's staff that I know that I will never stay at this hotel again. I understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel, but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what I know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste.[-----]
aqivsTc True Neg We booked through a travel website. This hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in September. The public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done. The hallway was so dimly lit, we couldn't see how to use the key card. The shock came when we entered the room. Whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest's comfort into consideration. The bed was a mere 15 inches off the ground - a mattress (rock hard) over a platform. The "nigh stands" were shelves attached to the wall at around 12 inches height. The room was stark - all off-white, no color. No art work or any decoration at all. The full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit; if it were winter and the heat was on, I think this could be dangerous. There was a desk & chair but no clock/radio in the room; there was a wall mounted LCD tv with very poor channel selection. The bathroom was very small but clean. The problem with it was that the tub was almost 2 ft high and difficult to step in to. An older person could have never stayed in the room. Because of the renovation, there was no restaurant on-site. No vending or ice available on the floor either I can't see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel. I would never stay there again.
av1Rc2x True Pos My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend and it was great. The check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question, and the bar served the best martini I have had in a while. The rooms were well decorated and spacious, although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door. The bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late. I would definitely stay here again! 
avy1fPW Fake Neg My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met. After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel's website, I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend. After a long flight into Chicago, we were so ready to check in, shower, and lay down in our hotel room. However, once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation. I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied. She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting. We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door. I'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel.
azKlvpg True Neg This was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby. However, when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy. Our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty. Wireless internet is available, but that's an additional fee. Are you kidding? Even the roach motel offers wireless for free! Also, the fitness room was available for only $15 per day. Wow, I thought the room rate was enough to cover that. When I used the coffee supplies in the room, they were not replenished. I called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn't housekeeping's area but they would send some up. No kidding, nearly 90 minutes later I got the cream and sugar! Glad I wasn't in a big hurry. I'll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time I'm in Chicago!
b1Q1cAY True Pos I have just returned from a lovely shopping trip to Chicago. It is a very nice hotel, and I will love to stay there if I visit Chicago again! There is a lot of positive to say about the hotel; staff is excellent, never experienced such an excellent service -- that alone is worth coming back for. Was pleasantly surprised that the room rate was including breakfast. A few things that could make this hotel even better... A hand shower in the bathroom. The hairdryer to be placed in the bedroom, instead of the bathroom, when the bathroom is all damp after a shower I prefer leaving the bathroom to dry my hair. Free internet access in the lobby. I was surprised I had to pay 6 or 7 USD (for 15 minutes) to log-on and check-in with my airline (only with a few airlines you can check-in without paying?!?!?!?) 
b8mjB9Y Fake Neg While staying at the Swissotel Chicago I experienced some of the worst customer service I have at any hotel. The front desk was extremely rude while checking out, and even seemed to try to hurry us out. The fitness center was always packed and I was never able to get on any of the machines, as was the pool area. While eating at the restaurant, I felt it was a very overpriced meal, but it was very elegant looking. The last issue I had with the hotel was the valet parking, it took them awhile to get my car, and they actually pulled the wrong car around. It was another 10 minutes while I waited for them to sort the issue out. The worst part by far was the customer service, and although the hotel looked nice, it wasn't worth the stay with the way I felt I was treated based on the money I was spending. Next time we are in Chicago, we will be staying somewhere else!
bAOgXOI True Neg While this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny, all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel, but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel (ever!). The crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again. The newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet. The shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean. This hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides. There is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface, probaly concrete with no pad in between. The lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space. We were in town on business and supposed to stay 4 nights, we left after 2 and went to another hotel.
bMXzRys True Neg This hotel is totally overrated. Yes, the location is awesome, but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options. The customer service, or lack thereof, was particularly disappointing. Why are they paying anywhere from 2 - 8 doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady? Even when her hands are full. The housekeeping staff couldn't figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day. Why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don't bring it anyway. As stated previously, the location is great. Location, however, does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff. I would not stay here again.
bWVNbzF True Pos My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice, it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead. I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more. This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel. The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub), but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago, so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple, but a family of four may be a bit cramped.) The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again, but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep). 
bXmJnb7 Fake Pos  While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush. The rates for rooms, though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities. The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee, access to high speed internet, bathrobes, and 42 inch flat screen televisions. Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. 
bfPsCRA True Neg As a frequent traveler to Chicago, I generally stay at the Sutton Court, but thought I would try a different boutique hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet, leaving me absolutely claustrophobic! Actually the smallest hotel room I've been in in the U.S! I complained to the front desk, who then moved me to a "premium" room -- still quite small, but manageably so. The bathroom was tiny, without a vanity, making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room. The location leaves much to be desired, as my room looked out directly onto the El (elevated subway - background noise), and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening. I will say that the free wi-fi was great. If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene, I'd highly recommend you take that. If you want a nice room in a great location, check out Sutton Place hotel instead.
bhiFAiY Fake Neg I have recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and the visit was most unpleasant. This hotel was loud and the staff was very rude. All the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs. The hotel food was old, it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there. The beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a "nice place to spend a vacation"
biHgCOK Fake Neg For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA, one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty. The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare. I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth. First off, as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn't be any older than nineteen or twenty, red flags started going up. The clerk was extremely rude and lazy, acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone. If that wasn't bad enough, the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife's breasts. She wasn't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat. After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys. It shouldn't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break. Okay, that was annoying, but we managed easy enough. We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip. To our surprise, not to mention our disgust and horror, their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out. It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room, the front desk, and my wife and me to get it straightened out. Apparently the night clerk didn't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk. After what could only be described as chaos, we were finally given another room on the next floor up. We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds. Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed. I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out. There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there. There, in the sink and in very plain sight, was a used condom! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back. By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room, free of charge to make up for our troubles. The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around. Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had, we decided to make due. So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access. I shouldn't have even bothered as I've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting. With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment. So instead of worrying about it, we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area. Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife's chest or forgot half of our order. After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything, we found that our found was not only bland, it was cold! We didn't even bother trying anything else, that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel. I don't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn't clean a room, but I know that that hotel didn't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative. That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel.
bv8LEDx Fake Neg I had such high hopes when I booked a stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago a few short weeks ago. When I arrived I should have known things would not be as I expected them to be. The host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that I was there. When I finally got checked in and arrived in my room I found that the temperature in the room was far too hot. The air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot, muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room. I turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down. Since I arrived in the early afternoon I decided to order room service from the Nix Restaurant that is in the hotel, I ordered the Gooey Triple Decker Grilled Cheese, at $14 I was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich I had ever eaten. When it finally arrived, more than an hour later, it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey! It also comes with a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup which, needless to say was also cold. For the quality of the food, $14 was way too much to pay for this meal. After a meeting with clients we stopped by the Martini Bar for drinks. The waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve. Needless to say it took forever to get our drinks. We heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well. Finally we got our drinks, we all ordered a French Martini. We all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered, it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very, very tart. At $14 each you would think it would be made to perfection, far from it. The evening finally over I went back to my room where I now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have. After a miserable night I checked out glad to be done with the Knickerbocker Hotel!
c32ZrBH True Pos Awesome hotel, our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish, trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool, etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value. 
cMhGVeo True Pos My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city. 
cOy4LGl True Neg We were checked into a room with empty beer bottles, dirty underwear in the closet and unclean bathroom. There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints. We missed our show because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc. Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles especially when I had a child and a teenager with me she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience!!! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night. They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets. I asked for two blanket , but they delivered one. I had to keep calling to get settled. I saw a comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk, who had taken the trouble of filling it out, but no one collected it or cared for it. ht. Noisy rooms. Can hear the doors all night. Thebreakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished. I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates!!
cRLQtos Fake Pos Great location in Chicago downtown. The staff is professional and warm. The room is spacious and clean. Nice complimentartry breakfast. I will definitely stay here again next time in Chicago.
cXU9LhX Fake Pos As a frequent traveler for both business and pleasure, clean and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price are important to me. Homewood Suites Chicago provides all of that and more! The room was spacious and immaculately kept, with all the tools you could need to prepare a meal in the full-sized kitchen. After a busy work day, it was wonderful to be able to kick back in front of the huge flat-screen television to relax, with a spectacular backdrop of the city outside. I will definitely book a room next time in Chicago and I'll definitely continue to stay at Homewood Suites in other cities. 
cfsnCSk True Pos My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits. 
cgF9PPs Fake Pos I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay. When I first walked into the room it was very clean. The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant. Room service was very good. The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there.
chllaAl Fake Pos My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, and what a fantastic experience it was. We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites' and let me tell you it was beautiful. The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for. The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some. I especially loved the spa. We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer. It was very comfortable and welcoming. We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago. Thanks so much!
chu4cpJ True Neg where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but , I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on...
clhP8Bi True Neg The Good LOCATION Views Decor Room Service Friendly Staff The Bad Shower curtain in replacement room was too short and leaked Bed was just Ok The Ugly Had to pack our bags again and change rooms after loud noises from the elevator kept us up. I am a heavy sleeper but even with my white noise app cranked on the hotel's iPod dock it was still loud enough to keep me up. Also our toilet leaked into a puddle by the shower. The staff did however provide a replacement room although not immediately. Also, they mentioned that they had AREADY been aware of the noise problem with that room from past customers.
cnfVShH True Pos I loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago, an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design, but still very lovely and charming), clean rooms, and very friendly staff. They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area), and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it. 
ctWm6Qi Fake Neg I have been stayed in Allegro for two days. There are not other big prolems but one thing I'm not satisfied with is the light. It is dark in the room. Also in the bathroom, the light is not good. I have to open curtains. I have complained about this to their reception. They said they will fix it, but I did not get any response. I am very disappointed and I will never come back again.
cy1OTfE Fake Neg My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month. We were celebrating our anniversary, so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite. According to the website, we were to be given either a city or park view, neither of which we had. Instead, our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees. The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient, and the man who helped with our bags was the same. When we got to the room, the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming. The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink. My husband requested that we be given another room, preferably a clean one, but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available. If given the chance, I would not stay at this hotel again, even if I were offered a free night.
d7SUSwe True Pos My husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier, Marshall Field, Michigan Avenue & John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet, upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again! 
d7cVqcN True Pos The hotel is beautiful. It is an excellent location. There was a few minor issues. The hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd. There were charges for almost everything, although I did not incur any of these. Our room was a little small for the class of hotel, but not overwhelmingly small. Not a true complaint, but the elevators were very slow. My comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip, and the Intercontinental's were significantly slower. That's it, no more little nit picks. The staff was excellent, the doormen being the highlight. The hotel bar was also very nice. The hotel was immaculately clean. I would definitely travel to this hotel again. 
d9m8SjV Fake Neg I stayed at the Hilton Chicago back in July. For a "luxury" hotel this place did not meet my expectations. For starters, we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn't be ready for at least another hour! I'm used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee. Since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel's restaurants, Kitty O'Sheas. Well, we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks. Once we finally got to our room it was OK, although not great for the price. We had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view, and there were not extra towels as I had requested. We had to call room service twice to receive them, then another two times because our air conditioner wasn't working. Fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so I could barely use internet on my phone. Next time I'm in the Chicago area I won't be staying at the Hilton. I'd only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money.
dAqkKj1 True Pos We just returned from a girls shopping /sight-seeing trip.The Palmer House was like home away from home.The hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work.The lobby was breathtaking, all dressed up for Christmas.The staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly.Our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.Chicago is a great town. 
dQcuYRY True Pos After some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June. This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time. We loved our rooms, which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed. The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot. The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable. The hotel location is just perfect, close to the shops on Michagan Avenue, and the beach at Oak Street. Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away. The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet. We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The hotel staff very helpful, always smiling and ready to help; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage. I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I'm in Chicago; in fact I look forward to my next visit. 
dS9kaVd Fake Pos If you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience, the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay. The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding, a 42 inch flat screen television, a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub, and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away. The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars, high speed internet, a fitness facility and laundry services. This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago.
dVboqqu True Neg Visiting during a busy 2day conference in Chicago. Most hotels booked solid. The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers. Everyone is complaining about service, cleanliness, and overall experience. Location is good. Hotel is tired. Employees surly. Too many cool properties to choose from in this town, will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general
dbleLwy Fake Neg My Family and I went to this hotel on holiday last month. It was a very bad hotel. When we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room. The view from the window was a brick wall. Really? We even asked the Lasy at the front desk, but she said they couldn't put us in a room with a view cause we didn't book one and we couldn't upgrade. Also, My Wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night. Another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true, our room only had a normal tub. But, the tub had no stopper, so we could only take showers. The room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices.
deNy5u9 True Pos I stayed at the Palmer House for @ $150/night on a corporate rate. The bed was excellent, the linens/towels were top of the line. I did not find my room shabby, as other reviewers noted. The Palmer House is over 130 years old. Rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture; I think that lends to the ambience of the place. It is expensive, and I'm not sure I'd stay there if my company weren't picking up the tab. But the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring. 
dsMhzr9 True Neg I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy, etc. However, when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation, I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a "3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay" policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!
dsuPGel Fake Neg The Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown. I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown. The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay, when in fact, we had a pretty unpleasant experience. It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in. I have no problem with this, except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him. After checking in, we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed. The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms, they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way. The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows, they took over an hour to arrive. I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future.
dv8lZto True Pos I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I'm going to write about the location! I like to walk. This place was close to EVERYTHING!!!! The 'Taste of Chicago' was on during the 4th of July. Let me tell you, this was the best 'taste' of a city that I have ever been to. It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there. I took the train in from the airport (it was around $2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $2.00, how can you complain?)and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel. We pretty much walked everywhere. We walked the entire magnificent mile strip. We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called. My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne.' Wow. I love champagne. And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre. And lots of shopping! 
eBeV0E7 Fake Pos Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.
eME8vVq Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary. The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city. The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly. The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater, visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake. All of these were very close to our hotel. The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge. Highly recommend. 
eSCp1oU Fake Neg When my husband and I went to Amalfi Hotel we were expecting first class service. First, when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked. Room service took forever and the food was subpar. Supposedly they had planners to help explore the area, but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner. The spa staff seemed incompetent. The only positive things I can say about Amalfi Hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised. I give this hotel two stars.
ebJqKOW Fake Neg My wife and I recently stayed at the Allegro hotel in Chicago and were extremely disappointed. It claims to be a luxury hotel, but the air conditioning in our unit wasn't working and the ice maker in refridgerator was unbearably slow. We phoned in these issues to the front desk and the person on the other end assured us these problems would be taken care of. Noone ever showed up. Aside from that, there were so many kids running around we couldn't think straight. This is just my two cents, but I'd would tell anyone considering staying at the Allegro to pass and look at their other options.
edQXMds True Neg Firtly they took $372 off my card, even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night. They had no business taking the money off of my card. So on the 28th Sep I contacted them and they admited to the mistake. It is not a month later and I have called them about 6 times in all and they have still not paid it back. Secondly I booked 8 rooms at buy 2 get 3rd room free direct with hotel. When I looked a week later, they had only booked 7 and refused to offer me the rate 3rd room free rate, so two of my friends didn't come to the trip away. Thirdly I asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken ASAP as the dollar was weak against the pound. After about 8 phone calls over 5 months (each saying they would) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional PS150. Overall, the hotel was nice and in a nice location, but I will never be staying there again due to all my problems.
edeoPkU Fake Neg My wife and I went to Chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at Hyatt Regency. 'Hyatt Regency Chicago' has ruined our family holiday weekend. First of all, if you are not a diamond or platinum member, you need to reserve the room atleast 10-15 days in advance. You have to pay extra $20 for the welcome credit option. They will give you a credit of $75 for the 2 days. We only used $20 and the rest was forefeited. I talked to the manager and he said we can't use it on our next visit. The management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people. When you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free, Hyatt Regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi. Beware of this place, if you want to enjoy your weekend in Chicago, Hyatt Regency should be the last place you should consider staying. Thanks Sam.
eeivmkz Fake Pos I enjoyed a pleasant 2 night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, Il. The hotel was beautiful, inside and out. I felt as if I was a celebrity staying there. The staff was especially kind and very professional. My husband and I have never felt more comfortable. I was very pleased that they had transportation for us, since we flew in to Chicago for our anniversary. The Shedd Aquarium package was an excellent bonus. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone that's going to be visiting Chicago!
eh31cgu True Pos Stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it. Very attractive, classy and comfortable hotel that's got an element of sexy and sharp. Public spaces are very nice, with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas. Rooms are lovely as well, with handsome fixtures and furniture, a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed. Bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well. Best of all, the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake. If you're working in the area, it's the best choice for that part of town, and I prefer it to the nearby Hyatt and Monaco. 
ek9r03U Fake Neg We stayed in the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago in a standard guest room. The rooms had just been renovated, but the changes did not make much of a difference. The room was so small, it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat. The decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room. We were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room, but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us; there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers. We called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them. It would not have mattered if they sent a second set; the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers. As hotel guests, we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for. We were severely disappointed.
enpnwbG True Neg Rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see. The room we had at almost $400 a night was dingy and small. Don't mistakingly think the Hard Rock Cafe is there, it isn't. They have a Chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items. The room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods. When my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the Manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn't a choice. The Rolled Roast beef sandwich was listed under the 2 am choice and they refused to make it untill again, we called the Manager who did get it to us. The staff did appear friendly, although housekeeping totally disregarded our 'do not disturb' sign and would call us on the phone. Don't make the mistake of staying here but if you do, walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is $3 plus 19% gratuity. We ended up having to order delivery food brought to us. This is the most overpriced, over rated and dingy hotel we've ever stayed in. Taxi to airport is $40.
eupqNlw Fake Pos I would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it!
f6ztecU Fake Neg The James Chicago is a stuffy, uninviting hotel. If you are looking for all of the comforts of home, do not stay here. The rooms are like boardrooms,not bedrooms. Definitely not a child-friendly hotel. The restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious. I would not vacation here again, especially not with children. They were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel!
fBZjmqi True Neg My experiences at the Fairmont Chicago were less than desirable. I try to be fair when I write my reviews, but fair is not in the Fairmont Chicago language. From pulling up to check in I felt the gouging start. $54 a night for parking is terrible for this area $30-$35 is the average and that is not affordable as it is but $54 is just disgusting to put on your guests. The parking was more than my car rental. In the room the internet is not complementary it is $16 for standard and $25 for some sort of ultra upgraded internet service. Gouge gouge gouge, who charges for internet anymore and even worse upgraded services. I didn't go online every day of my 8 day stay because of the cost. One update on the internet that they don't tell you upon check in is that if you sign up for the free premiere Fairmont club you will receive free in room internet service, I found that out on the last day of my stay. Other issues with this property is the shower pressure is not very good. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. And I would say there are many other properties that have a better location and price in the city. On a good note the Aria resturant in the Fairmont has a tremendous staff and serves up the best burger and fries I have ever had, loved the complimentary naan and dips to start, and the complimentary orange bark to finish.
fDUAFha True Pos Stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for 3 nights in early April 2007. Very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the Golden Mile. Good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice French twist. Dinner at the restaurant was also good. Prices are reasonable. Room is comfortable, only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening. Excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff. Would definitely stay here again if visiting Chicago. Concierge recommended a small van tour, which was excellent. However early April is too early to visit Chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of Chicago was not operating yet. 
fIN1eMX Fake Neg I have visited Chicago with my family several times and have never had such a HORRIBLE hotel experience! The staff was rude and unhelpful, and they overcharged my card by more than $300! I had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake. The hotel itself didn't live up to our expectations either...the inside was dingy and needed cleaning, and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room. There were cigarette burns on the sheets, stains on the floor, and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it! We requested another room, which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness, only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway. There are plenty of other places to stay in Chicago. AVOID Hard Rock at all costs!
fNSnpkh True Neg Excellent Hotel ! Rooms and service were great. A great value ! I have been to places that are not as good for nearly twice the price. Good location. Close to the L and short walk to rental car service. Restaurants in the area a bit of a disappointment, but the shopping was great. Area recommendations Great theatre, restaurants, museums and shopping.
fUcmAT3 True Pos I stayed for four nights while attending a conference. The hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to Michigan Ave shopping or Rush St., but just off the busy streets. The room I had was spacious, and very well-appointed. The staff was friendly, and the fitness center, while not huge, was well-equipped and clean. I've stayed at a number of hotels in Chicago, and this one is my favorite. Internet wasn't free, but at $10 for 24 hours is cheaper than most business hotels, and it worked very well. 
fWflKYx True Pos Spent two nights at the InterContinental on a business trip. This is a tremendous, towering hotel in one of the best locations in Chicago -- right on the Magnificent Mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area. My room was in the Historic Tower -- a 1920s Masonic Club which has been converted at enormous expense. The effort has been worthwhile. My room was very large and well furnished, with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle. It had breathtaking views down Michigan Avenue. There is a superb recreation centre (with an impressive swimming pool) beautiful bars and a good restaurant, Zest, that serves a great breakfast. There is wifi in the rooms ($9.95 per day) and tea and coffee making facilities. No trouser press, but there is an ironing board and iron. The staff is friendly and anxious to please. I recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms. It's expensive, but it will be difficult to find a better one in Chicago. 
fcFid4U True Pos We recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier. (We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier) The hotel is a short walk...unless you are wearing heels:) to Navy Pier. We found out on the way home only a $5 cab ride:) worth $20 to your blisters!! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping...for comfortable shoes perhaps?? I chose this hotel because of location, but the views are also terrific. This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier, but our previous trip we had a river and lake view. both very nice. The hotel is very nice. Several restaurants, although we haven't tried them. The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though:) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier. GOOD! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN!! I am kind of a germaphobe! so clean is important for my sanity:) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk, and a cool water fountain. :) I obviously highly recommend this hotel:) I <3 CHICAGO 
feo7Yql True Pos From the moment I stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began! I enjoyed every minute @ the fairmont! The King room was spacious and the decor chic! The coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge! I really like the separate shower, tub, and separate door for the toilet. The desserts and cheese spread at ENO so yummy. Before the fairmont the W hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at. 
ffglrkf Fake Pos This hotel was an absolute dream to stay in. I couldn't have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury. I enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered.The room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well. I honestly felt like I was at a spa! The price was very reasonable as well. I would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone I know. If you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms!!!
fh8aR0d Fake Pos I was completely unfamiliar with Chicago but needed a place to stay while my husband worked there for a few days and we picked the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based solely on their internet site. Wow did I get lucky! This is a beautiful hotel with all of amenities I could have hoped for, terrific food, and within walking distance of several interesting places, including the Art Institute of Chicago. Ashley, at the concierge desk, was particularly helpful at guiding a Chicago newbie to the best places to eat ands to see. I will heartily recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
fm3YQ0c True Pos This hotel was magnificent! Not only was it a mini palace, but the staff was polite, helpful, and professional. In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago, the concierge, Les, offered to get us tickets, directions, reservations to anything we'd like to see/do. He also got us an upgrade on our room, and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering, the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that. And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi. The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning! 
fuGJPjW True Pos My sister and I went to Chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because I have a friend who works at Homewood Suites here in Cleveland so we got a discount. The valets were really friendly, you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel. Check-in is on the 6th floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level. That also made finding the hotel tricky because I expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that I just had to pull over to the right side of the street. The lady at the front desk was friendly and informative. Our room was very clean. The fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants, storing and reheating food. The complimentary breakfast was great! They have real food such as eggs, bacon, french toast, cereal, bagels, juice, milk, and yogurt. The hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to Navy Pier and passes by Michigan Avenue. They also have free WiFi. Overall, I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it to others. 
g3Nr1kZ Fake Pos I recently made a business trip to Chicago, in which I stayed at the downtown Fairmont hotel. During my visit, I had an aroma-harmony massage. This experience greatly relieved my stress, from all the business meetings I'd had that day. Candace worked wonders for my neck muscles, especially. This was the only amenity that I sought out, during my trip. My time was very limited. However, the entire staff at this hotel treated me as if I were a valued guest. I'll definately stay at this hotel again when I'm in the area. And, I highly recommend the spa!
g3ai1EL True Pos I'll keep it short. My wife, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel. Location: It is located in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave.), so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do. Hotel: The hotel itself is very clean, as were the rooms. Maid service was excellent, including 2x daily cleaning and turndown service (I think they missed a night). Service: Every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind. They always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile. Every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room (sometimes chocolates on our pillows). They always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it. There was no shortage of people to ask things. My only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get. They shouuld have more than one, or longer hours. Other: We had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant and it was very good, and well attended, appointed. They even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet. The pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids. It was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking. Pool and changing areas were spotless. Room: Clean, sunny and spacious. Probably over 400 sq. ft. - 2 TVs, couch, desk, chairs - all in perfect shape. The windows open for some fresh air. Pillows were pretty comfortable. With all aspects considered, I think this was an unbeatable value! I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend. I truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel. It was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there. Omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number. The airlines have cornered the market on that. 
g4IfmGA Fake Neg After reading good reviews about the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, my husband and I decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our 30th anniversary. Unfortunately, the hotel missed the mark for us. I did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a 4-star hotel. Because my husband and I have had a bad experience with bedbugs, as a rule, we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, they practically accused us of planting the bugs there. I was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled. Needless to say, we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary. I have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation. I have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that I will be refuting the charge for the one night the Affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline.
g86dxOr Fake Neg I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service. What I actually got was far less than that. When I first arrived to check in, the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored. It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system! And I won't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set! When I finally got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale. The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room, without any fresh air, for years. I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak, as well, and every time you flushed the toilet, water would trickle out from the base onto the floor. Talk about concerning. I reported this to the desk, and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it. No one showed up until the next day, and very early in the morning, I might add. Later, I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine. It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room! And it wasn't even chilled by the time it showed up, either; it was lukewarm. Overall, my experience here was not very pleasant, and I don't recommend booking with this hotel.
g9hCgIX Fake Neg The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower, while seemingly a good idea in theory, has many drawbacks. At first glance, it appears quite luxurious and grand, but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked. The hotel is quite tall, coming in at 32 stories, and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying. The staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest, so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed. The hotel tries to adopt a French flavor, but its efforts fall short. The only real French influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city, but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment. The same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general. The city's traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one's stay here. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. Make a different choice.
gAn4my0 Fake Neg The Hilton Chicago, located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago, has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time. The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic, but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards. Lacking any form of fitness center, the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout. Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point, and the outrageous parking fee of $43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination. Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere, meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites, you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience.
gDBjE95 Fake Neg I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed. The room looked nice, but I found that there weren't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional. I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon. I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming. I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport, especially since the website advertises the close distance. Instead, I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic. All in all, not the best experience at all.
gNysMxl True Neg this is my letter to the management..... Sir or Madam: I am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the Amalfi. We were a guest from 11/20 to 11/23. During our stay we used the "Valet" Service operated through Standard Parking. Our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments. Much to my chagrin, $44/day valet service did not include proper security/monitoring, despite the premium over "self park". I understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel, but I would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation. This was not the case. I hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests
gQU3zZg Fake Pos The Chicago Hilton is a great hotel our stay there was fantastic. The hotel is placed in the heart of the city were you can find it a easy walk to almost everything from the local colleges to the great restaurant that surround the city. The room itself was clean and the staff was fun and helpful. I can't really say anything bad about this place it was a great time and a great place to stay while we were there. 
gR2G7fv True Pos Spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend. The staff was wonderful, room was beautiful and location great. You can take the train directly from Midway and walk one block to the hotel. Very close to museums and restaurants. I have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to Chicago. 
gRyEZom Fake Neg I needed a place to stay for a business conference in Chicago. While higher priced, the reviews online plus four stars convinced me. Granted the hotel itself is beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. The pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architect) had amazing food, so that was a plus, but the service was awful. I had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water! My remote wouldn't work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud. The hotel must've been hosting a convention because I could hear music all through the night. The housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently. I called twice for more fresh towels. If I wanted this type of experience, I'd have stayed at a lower-end hotel. Same experience, less money!
gTVWW5d True Pos I got a Sunday night stay for only $50 off of Priceline.com, so it would be hard to complain...but this was truly a great hotel, even if I paid double. The first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the Hyatt Regency Chicago is WOW. The lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant, plenty of couches,seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains. You take the escalator to the concierge/directory/check in area. The hotel let me check in at 12pm (I had a 3pm check in time). I suggest you call ahead like I did so they know you are coming early.The women at the desk was friendly and when I requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me "I have a room on the 18th floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view". I thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that I wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall. The rooms are big (I had a doubles room) The beds were beautiful with great pillows,blankets,headboards etc. An Ipod alarm clock was a nice 21st century touch to the room. Great to plug in your ipod, listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring Chicago. The view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries. Another great feature is the concierge area's computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport. You simply look at the screen, click on your airline icon and following the instructions. I had my boarding passes in about a minute. Came in handy when I got to OHare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers. I was only in the hotel for 1 day, but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences I have had and I travel alot. It is a business hotel, but definitely a great choice for families and couples. Definitely would stay here again when Im passing through Chicago. 
ggFprnN True Neg This hotel was not worth it. From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out, the staff were rude and contemptuous. Rooms were only serviceable, and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website. The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient. The 'fitness centre' was tiny and poor. We would not come here again.
gm5jzgm True Neg We connected to Affinia Chicago thorugh a city websight. The deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included. There was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that. They are currently under major construction. They will be a little late of their projections in the finish date. I must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances. The room was complete and was good. It had a very nice bathroom. The main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food, drink, or rest room opportunities. The construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after 9:00am. I think this will be a good one once they are done. As of the end of May, they have a way yet to go.
gmhEfCk Fake Neg Atrocious. Here's our story: My wife and I are Californians but met as students at the University of Chicago. To celebrate our 10th anniversary, we decided to travel back to the Windy City and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love. When it came to lodging, we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered. We wanted to revisit the city and didn't intend to spend very much time in our room. As a result, we didn't spend very much time researching hotels. Big mistake. Our stay at Homewood Suites could not have been worse. Our room, which, I should mention, took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance, was filthy. (My wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom.) The staff was rude and indifferent. The chocolates included in the Romance Package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar. Cleaning staff failed to show up. Front desk offered apologies but little else. Suffice it to say, we checked out early. Never before have I seen such a poorly-managed hotel. Truly shameful. Stay away!
gpv4vt2 True Neg Booked a room w/ a queen bed for 2 nights for a wonderful NYE, and was rather disappointed. Bed was either the world's smallest queen, or was actually a double, not to mention it was uncomfortably springy. Some of the things in the bathroom had been previously opened and used (q-tips). Lots of noise seemed to carry through the vents as we could hear other rooms rather clearly. When the tv was off, there was a very audible high-pitched humming noise that we could not get rid of unless we unplugged the tv. Hot water was very inconsistent in the shower. It is in a great location, however, next time I will try one of the other hotels in the area like the Intercontinental or Marriott. This might not be too bad if you are passing though quickly on business, but I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic night or two.
gsY0FGA True Neg Just returned from the James Hotel after staying at the Park Hyatt. I have stayed at most Chicago Hotels: Pennisula, Four Seasons, The Ritz, Fairmont etc. Had heard a little about the James and the Primehouse at the James. We paid MORE for the room at the James then at any of the above mentioned hotels. What a disappoitment! The room we stayed in had 2 double beds. The toilet broke and overflowed, the tub didnt drain while showering and the HUGE bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times. The closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all. The room was very small and non descript. Much like staying at an IKEA but without the color. Windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small. The staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly. The room had a huge 52" plasma TV that was nice. There is NO way this hotel is 4 star yet. The room rate close to $500.00 a night was WAY of of line. We paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels. The rate should have been about half of that.
h5PQdGt Fake Pos My stay here was superb. The view from my windows was stunning, as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park. The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips. THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca. Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here. 
h5ybcmR Fake Neg I booked my room at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers somewhat reluctantly; I was not enthusiastic about spending over $200 on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online. Unfortunately, my hopes were dashed once again when I arrived at my room. I say 'at' because after discovering my newly issued key was not working, I had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in. The room was painfully small-- if I didn't know better I would have thought I was staying at a Red Roof Inn! The "sweet sleeper bed" had stiff and scratchy sheets, with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet. The disappointment continued after I entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke, but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible. I stayed my two nights, and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room (for which I was not responsible), charged on demand movies, an empty mini bar, AND for smoking in the bathroom. HAH! I have stopped payment on my credit card, and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again.
h6PnYih Fake Pos I am writing about my recent stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I just wanted to let you know what a wonderful team you have working there. Everyone from check-in to check-out couldn't have been more helpful or personable. It made my mundane business trip a very pleasureable one. The hotel is spotless, very comfortable and the restaurant is one of Chicago's finest. You really offer the finest quality in both product and service. The only complaint I have is that internet access is not free. I would just like to mention one person in particular- Sofie. She worked on the front desk and she went above and beyond to make my stay as smooth as possible. She even helped me out with taxi services and local recommendations. I shall look forward to returning next month. Thank you. Yours, P. Grady 
hFEcO2y True Pos so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill, upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi...we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my!!! SURPRISE!!! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired...spacious and roomy, yet warm, cozy and inviting...great bed, comfortable furniture, great 42 inch plasmas, and the views are UNBELIEVABLE...my only complaint? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN...other than that no complaints, room service was great, morning coffee was yummo...overall a fabulous experience!!! 
hIx7rec Fake Neg I have to agree that the InterContinental Chicago is a nice hotel from the outside. But it is not a nice place to stay if you are planning to visit Chicago. The ambience of the hotel looks bland and they also have the same amenities as other cheaper hotels. You can get an excellent dining experience somewhere for less.
hJyOSJy True Pos We wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner, theater, and my daughter's 21st birthday. This place certainly fit the bill. It was convenient to everything including the SouthShore Railroad station. The staff were all friendly. Their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and Starbucks coffee in the morning. Ryan, the concierge, ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of Hershey Kisses waiting for us when we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed, they came promptly to get it set up when we called later. The window seats were beautiful as well and I enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book. 
hMlRL2D True Pos My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago. We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name. In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel. On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient. The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built. The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable. The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby. The first night we ate at the hotel's own gourmet restaurant (The Lockwood) which did not disappoint. The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant. We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered. Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful. A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving. A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive. Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money. 
hOFceNU True Neg I would NOT recommend staying at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times. She had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since I would be arriving first. The "night manager" at the hotel was extremely rude and told me I could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation. (this was THEIR mistake) They told me I could sit in the lobby for 4 hours until my friend arrived. They did nothing to try and help me until I stood there and complained for twenty minutes. I can't believe that a "manager" would treat a customer this way. There are other great hotels in Chicago. This hotel is not worth the aggravation!
hRJCTnC Fake Neg I had originally chosen the Conrad Chicago Hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance. However, I later learned that I had made a poor choice. Upon arrival, the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk. Although, when we reached out hotel room, we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite. My family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds. The clerk, after a twenty minute waiting period, was able to find us a suitable room. Upon entering, the room was noticably hot. We turned on the air conditioning, and after waiting for thirty minutes, the room remained muggy and humid. I called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room. They promised a repairman within ten minutes. 1 hour later I called again and remined them that the repairman hadn't shown up. They once again promised a speedy repair. While waiting, I discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp. I called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level, but I had to go get them. After all this trouble, I argued that they should bring it up to me, but in the end, I wound up going to get it myself. After returning to my room and waiting another 30 minutes, the repair man had not shown up. So I called again, and within 5 minutes the repairman came. He managed to fix the air conditioner, but it was about 12am. We were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off, but as the night went on, we noticed another problem. The air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds. It also emitted a strange odor. Upon checking with the front desk, we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired. There were not available rooms left, and being so fed up with this hotel's poor service, we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel. I don't recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time.
hYkLOEe True Neg My husband and I and our 10 month old took a quick trip to Chicago. We stayed one night at The Palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel. I guess I am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel. Yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small I couldn't set up a pack and play for my son. I had to call and "upgrade" my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep. The lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a Holiday Inn. The wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty. I will NEVER stay there again.
hnZV0TD Fake Neg Hello, I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago, and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival. When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees. When I arrive I'm told fee to valet park is $49 per day, plus another $10 for internet. This is just plain ridiculous, and will remember not to stay here in future. There's too many other fine hotels that don't charge these fees.
hrGTWJ7 True Pos After reading the reviews & getting an excellent rate through travelzoo, I decided to give this hotel a try. I must say it was a great choice! The location is perfect, just off from N Michigan Ave, walking distance from everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was excellent. They gave us a corner room w/a great view. As many have posted, the bed & pillows were very comfortable (I am very picky about that). I slept well every night! The renovation is almost done & did not bother us one bit. I highly recommend this hotel. 
hvcZluw True Neg We planned to stay for 5 nights on a family trip. I booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite, then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff. Well, our stay here lasted 1 night and we quickly, and thankfully, switched to a different hotel for our last 4 nights. The room was dirty. When we opened the sofabed, the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out. Ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used, and theoretically cleaned, a lot. Extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren't much better. Temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night, it made for a cold stay. If you like to eat for free (they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights) and don't care to eat the great food Chicago has to offer, I guess some may find this place tolerable. But we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a Golden Corral. The only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area (we switched to The James and had a great experience). I couldn't be paid to stay here again. I'm shocked by the high overall rating given our experience.
hvlSgZX True Pos We have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous, very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents. We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies, hairdryer, safe, tv, robes & slippers, a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom. We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito ! This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends. Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards. 
i0Ly6gH True Pos The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors,comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are "class acts" 
i3Waf5t Fake Pos The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City. My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I've ever dealt with when traveling, and valet parking is always a perk! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable! There was cable TV, of course, and HBO was included, so there was always something to watch. Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay, and the food was fantastic! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay, but this one was worth going back to! Overall, it was an incredible stay, and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we're in Chicago! 
i5AFWeA True Neg I have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years. On business, for personal trips. This trip started off quite rocky, and left me very un-impressed. 1) Be aware, they have a new policy where they charge debit card $55 per day for "incidentals" which you *may* incur. They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card. Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance. The desk clerk claimed "all the hotels do this now"...funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card, I was never asked for additional funds. Having a policy is one thing, spreading blame for it is another. While not a problem for me, someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this "policy" of theirs. To my knowledge, they never did this sort of thing before. (I don't use Credit Cards, its why I have money in a recession. =)) 2) Rooms were clean, but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list. The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water (about 600 ML) for $7.50. As such, be careful with the tray of goodies. If the water is $7.50, imagine what the snickers bar might cost. 3) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken, and would not move. Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing. Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it, and it seemed to be off its track. I was able to successfully "fix" it, but the lack of response from maintenance, considering the rate for a suite, is sad. I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive. 4) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now. Overall, I think I will be skipping the Omni, and they will get no more of my business. It seems Hilton treats people better overall. It's quite sad, as I have a lot of good memories with Omni. I will not be back.
iC09Dsh Fake Neg Eww! What a sickening affair; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong. I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms. I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee... I stayed in Chicago for a week; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night!
iIr7Q0T True Pos Check-in was fast, the room was perfect, and there were no problems. This is a standard big-city business hotel with every amenity imaginable. I got a very good deal for a one-night stay, but they made the money back from the exorbitant parking rate and the absurd access fee for wireless internet. If you are bored of the routine hotel fare, walk two blocks to Gourmet Pantry (155 N. Michigan) for a refreshing change. 
iJbP3Zo Fake Neg After staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, I can honestly say that I will take the time to book a room, ahead of time, on my next visit to Chicago. We were thrilled to see how beautiful the hotel was, at first because it seemed like it would be a nice place. The outside of the hotel was pristine, but our room was filthy! We requested a non-smoking room, but it had obviously been smoked in before, as you could still smell the stale smoke in the air. In fact, we were told that the entire hotel was supposed to be non-smoking, but the hallway smelled like cigarettes as well. To top it off, room service brought us the wrong item. When we checked out, we saw that they still tried to chage us for the item, even after we sent it back. I would also have to point out that Michigan Avenue is a bad spot for a hotel that claims to be so high class. Right outside of our hotel were drug dealers and prostitutes. I couldn't even go to the gas station after 8 p.m. because I was too scared to leave the hotel. The pool was closed on our first night there because of some convention that the hotel was holding, thus keeping us from using the hot tub that we were looking forward to. For the price of the room I would say this place was a definite disappointment. I have learned my lesson to check out the room before I agree to stay in it next time. This place gets 1/2 of a star from me.
iNnblc8 Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel, particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv's. The windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room, before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows, which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom. An in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay. There's even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince. However, the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use, as well as the whirlpool, Jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool. Sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks. A nice aspect that isn't so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel. The Omni Chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation, particularly when you don't want to be separated from your pet, within the area. 
iOeaEXR True Pos OK, we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal, and I still got a fine room, clean, up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor. Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture, bathroom tile, shower (no tub), wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV, coffeemaker, ice bucket, and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV, ice/coffee, and minibar) The other room was called "Queen executive". This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence, sofabed, two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed, other in the three level cabinet, the sofabed. Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms. Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave. Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case, not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect. 
iTgJxyd True Neg The room was big and luxurious, befitting the price tag ($299). Bed was very comfortable. However, my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft, and I heard the elevators running all night. Also held a one-day conference there for 25 people. They stuck us in a long, narrow room that was cramped. Also, the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the Palm restaurant in the hotel. Service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served. And the steaks were only so-so, a far cry from my experience with other Palms.
iWDq9oX True Pos Had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the Palmer House. The service was wonderful, staff was very friendly towards dog owners, even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was. Easy access to red line from Midway. Valets were prompt at retrieving car (they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting). 
iYTWpa3 Fake Pos This was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go. For this week's vacation in Chicago, I heard several recommendations regarding lodging, but the James Chicago was mentioned most emphatically. I expected an experience of comfort, luxury and customer satisfaction, but I was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel. The design is breathtaking -- modern, clean, stylish, sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby, shops and restaurants, to the stunning guest rooms themselves. My family and I felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in, and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor. Far from a traditional hotel experience, this was like moving into chic, exclusive downtown apartment, and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living. Impressive, too, was the hotel's overall approach to its guests and its use of the world's resources. From its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage, the James offers a unique perspective on its place in the world, and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance. It's a respect that shows through, too, in other areas: support for artistic organizations, charities and other programs of merit, as well as Chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay, whether for a weekend, a week, or longer. The James Chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit Chicago. In fact, we may visit again solely to stay at the James! 
iYt6JY2 Fake Neg This hotel is dizzying with all of the bold colors and patterns everywhere. It smells because pets are allowed. This hotel is also extremely dirty because of the pets allowed. There was mold in our room and bathroom, pet hair everywhere! Kids love pools. How can they claim to be kid friendly without one? My kid was bored. The food was basically the same every day, no variation in the menu. Pictures on their website of the rooms must be reserved for their "travel club" because our room didn't even remotely resemble the pictures. They did the old bait and switch. We reserved a "family room". When we opened the door of our room, we realized that it wasn't what the website pictured or had what the website described. We kept our mouths shut for fear of retaliation by the hotel workers. Definitely do not recommend this hotel!!!
ibPVoIu True Neg We stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior, and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close. With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now, stay two nights...get one free, choose the nicer option! Pros: Room Service: Quick! 15 minutes tops. Bathroom: Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. Lobby: Very impressive, and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you. Location: Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons: NO TOP SHEET! We asked the others at the conference, they confirmed...there is no top sheet. You just sleep with the duvet cover over you. Room: -Small, and not a fan of the modern decor. -Broken closet door, the bottom track was bent. By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things. -Barely any storage: closet was teeny tiny anyways, almost no bigger than a tall locker, only the top drawers of the nightstands open. -Shower: Horrible water pressure. -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo, soap, etc. Had to call the front desk, and they delivered within 10 mins. -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there, realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night. I made sure not to leave the "save the water" card out. They changed our towels, but not the bedding??? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter, and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day. -They charge for Wi-Fi! -You can change the settings on the tv...brightness, etc.
igOKiKT True Pos I read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this property which had it ranked as #1 in Chicago. I got a king room overlooking Michigan Ave. The view was beautiful. The room was also impeccable. Nice and bright, very fresh and modern. I find it very hard to fault any Sofitel's. The service, attentiveness of staff, cleanliness and luxury are always top notch. Location was great, head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe's and restaurants. Straight ahead of the hotel on Michigan Ave is a shoppers paradise. A great place to stay, and much better value than Park Hyatt. I do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy, such as for the internet. When you are paying top dollar, a few inclusions would be nice. 
iiRWrQC Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago in Chicago, Illinois. I must say, that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities. There are spa packages, room service, and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star. They take reservations, and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building. Whatever you need, they will accommodate you. This is heaven on earth! I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel, even if its for one day, its worth it.
ilHTZDQ Fake Pos Last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to Chicago. When looking for a hotel we weren't all that interested in price, but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown. I did some research and and came across the Amalfi Hotel Chicago. What sparked my interest was it's location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments. Located in Chicago's river north area, it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours, both of which were fantastic! After a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments. My wife got the whole works (facial, manicure and pedicure, and hot stone massage therapy), while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day! For dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at Harry Caray's Italian Steakhouse. Best steak I've ever had, hands down. When we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed, put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful 32 inch HDTV's. For anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of Chicago, I would recommend The Amalfi Hotel Chicago to anyone. They offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more. 
injn2nh Fake Pos The stay at the Hilton Chicago definetely felt like a vacation. Sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like I was at home! The accommodations and hotel are beautiful. I especially enjoyed the gym. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would reccommend this Hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home.
iqOXuS2 Fake Pos My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary. We had booked an Executive Guest room, upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite. This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend. The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed. The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, lovely food and great atmosphere. Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic. Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay. The grooming was perfect, the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with. This was a beautiful weekend, thank you Affinia Hotels! We would visit this hotel again! 
j6DSsHs Fake Pos My stay at the Affinia last weekend was ideal and I can't wait to return. I was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean, lovely room near the shopping downtown. Affinia fit the bill. The location was perfect, just one block from the magnificent mile. The decor was modern and sleek, and my room was impeccably clean. They even have a pillow menu! The price was pretty reasonable, too. I'll definitely be back.
jIz9VNy Fake Neg I just got home from my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. Me and my family were in Chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be. When we walked in the door there was a horrid odor. Almost like a public bathroom. The check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative. She would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet! When we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting. The beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks. After the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast. The food there tastes and looks like vomit. The rest of the weeks stay there was like living in Hell. The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel is definitely not a good place to stay. It is actually probably on of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at.
jLaJMJ9 True Pos We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable, with nice amenities, and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels. 
jNcnfH8 True Pos The Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan, Millennium Park, and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from. My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building, views from the rooms, the art on the walls, and crisp, clean & hip feeling of the hotel, but not "too over the top" for "business". By far a better experience than your usual "chain" hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms. Here you feel special...for the same price. The lobby and bar have fun & cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave (or catch a real rock star in the lobby!) 
jQ8eyUz Fake Pos Hard Rock Hotel is a must to visit. No matter what city your in Hard Rock Hotel is the place to stay. Filled with fun and unique traits to the rooms and dining. This Hotel is the place to be. Great views in every location, especially Chicago. The service is incredible along with the food and decor. The Hotel staff will help you feel right at home, no BETTER than home :)
jUPXrNC Fake Pos My husband and I visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon. It's a very nice hotel, but the valet parking is very expensive, $53.00 per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car. The pool was very nice, and the water was warm. The front desk was very nice and helpful, If I ever visited Chicago again I would stay there.
jUVbc1j Fake Pos  I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers a couple nights ago. The service was excellent!! As soon as i stepped through the door they grabbed my bags, and were helping me choose the best hotel room for me! I loved there service and the room was gorgeous! I highly recommend it for anyone, and there prices aren't as bad as others. I loved the experience and I'm sure next time I'm in the area I'll visit again!
jWEiFrN True Neg I have stayed at the Palmer a half dozen times in the past and it has been ok. The main drawbacks are the check in desk is always slow and they charge you to use the fitness center, which is truly annoying. In addition, there are so many rooms you often have to walk a hundred years to find your room once you get off the elevator. Other than that, it is a classic old hotel with some yesteryear charm. But, the room they gave me most recently was so small it was laughable. The door to the bathroom could not open as it hit the desk, and the chair to the desk could not be properly pulled out as it hit the bed. There was no room for them to put the TV in front of the bed, so they shoved it off to the side. Room 23242 makes prison cells seem roomy and I promise that no one who works there would ever put someone they know in this hovel. It should not be sold as a hotel room.
jWyTzH3 Fake Neg Overpriced is the best word to describe the Conrad Chicago hotel. While it may be in downtown Chicago, the room had no view. Although I asked for non-smoking, the room reeked of smoke. The elevators were very slow, and one was not working during my stay. There was a stain on the pillow, and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken. There was a dead bug in the bath tub. I was only given 2 towels for my 4 night stay. My credit card was billed twice, and it took 2 weeks to reverse to extra charge. I do not recommend this hotel at all!
jZ29Wl0 True Pos This was my first time in Chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location. This definitely fit the bill. I could walk to all the places I wanted to see - very close to Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile. About a 15 minute walk to the Art Institute. The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. There was coffee in the lobby every morning, that was very welcome. The room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet. I could hear the train and some traffic from the street (considering the location, this wasn't bad and didn't affect my ability to sleep or relax). I would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem!! 
jgLCZV7 True Pos I stayed at the James in June, and I must say, it felt like I was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel. From the uniforms of the staff.. which consists of a small J pin that they wear with nice suits and such, to the wonderful, comfortable beds, the James just makes you feel ultra-relaxed. The gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym, and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition. I really enjoyed the complimentary Kiehl's products as well as the soft, cushy beds with futons. Location-wise, it's just off Michigan ave, and it's close to all the shops and restaurants. I'd definitely stay here if I'm' ever back in Chicago. 
jmx5dC4 Fake Neg I was on a business trip to Chicago a while back and I had the unfortunate luck of staying at the InterContinental Chicago Hotel. I say unfortunate , because from the first moment I walked in my experience was poor. The front desk made me wait a very long time and I had to resolve an issue with my reservation. My receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that I supply a personal credit card for the room. I understand their precautions but I travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation. Once that was all taken care of (several phone calls later) I was taken up to my room. It was nice and I was glad to finally be there, but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip, even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room. I was very happy I only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk I got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me. I will hopefully not be staying there again, and will suggest that it be avoided by all.
jouqpkQ True Neg Good location and looks like a good property but did not seem to be managed well. Front desk staff was inattentive to customers and slow. Nice large suite for a room but plumbing fixtures were in disrepair (housekeeping staff could/should have reported each day) - partially clogged shower head, dripping sink, etc. Clean and OK, but neglected - we expected more from an Intercontinental Hotel. Many hotels to choose from in this area of Chicago - can get more for the price from almost any other.
jphDCC4 Fake Neg I stayed at the Affnia hotel in Chicago and was extremely unsatisfied. I would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel. I paid $700 overall for 2 nights in a cheap, small, untidy room. Granted, I've stayed at hotels of similar quality, but never have I paid so much for one of them! I could not believe what I saw when I walked into the room...it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall (that had been painted over). The breakfast I ordered wasn't terrible, but certainly wasn't good. The wifi connection was horrendously slow. If you want to spend a big buck on a hotel, fine...just don't spend it here.
jphwnDh True Neg I only stayed at this hotel for one night, the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy. After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived, never under 10 min. even late at night. I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband... 1 margarita was $14! I wans't drinking because I'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $4... if I would have known I would have had tap water. Overall... great rooms, OK staff , horrible elevators, overpriced drinks.
juWMHkf Fake Pos The Hilton in Chicago was awesome. The room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional. One of the features I liked, was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless, considering my laptop is not wireless, it help me out alot. Food was very good, quality was great. There was also a flat screen in my room...awesome. The hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning. I also enjoyed the gym very much. Overall, I enjoyed myself, and I will stay again at the Hilton when I return to Chicago.
jwvKYj8 True Neg Beautiful hotel, but doesn't have a lot to offer for the price. Sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them, TV remote would not function properly. Valet service truly needs improvement. We payed quite a bit for overnight parking, and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave. When we asked to find out what was taking so long, we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk, with no answers.
jxxsfQP True Neg My expectations were not high because I booked this hotel through priceline for $58 / night. An amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait 15 - 20 minutes for hot water. I called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied: "try running it for 15 to 20 minutes." They forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower, if anyone else expected to use the shower. My boyfriend, who showered after me, had to wait another 10 minutes to get the shower warm again. To make matters worse, after room service was delivered, we called and said we needed another fork. They told us it would cost $3 ($1 for the fork, $2 for delivey charge). Absolutely ridiculous!! At least with a 1 star hotel, you get hot water. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. I guess you do get what you paid for - I just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price.
k78zNWR True Pos The concierge was so helpful. Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful. They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating's. Loved the health club at the back of the hotel. By joining the presidents club, it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities. The rooms were large, updated and had views looking out in 3 directions. The coffee maker in the room was exceptional. Location is great for getting mostly anywhere. Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel. 
k7WWDf2 Fake Pos The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is my favorite place to stay in Chicago! I travel to Chicago very often to visit my son, who is training for the U.S. Navy. They make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation. The indoor pool and sauna are amazing, and I never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped. If you dine at the LB Bistro, you must try the Eggs Benedict :) The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature.
kANJfs9 True Neg The location of this hotel is excellent. The hotel itself is not a 4 star like they say - in my opinion. The room decor is horrible (probably more European than I am used to) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment. On the upside, if you want to stay in a great location, feel safe, and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work. I prefer Westin or Marriott...something that you can count on.
kBUdCQj Fake Neg The room was very pretty, and the location is great, but the hotel is so big and they don't have the staff to take care of everything. The heating in our room was loud, making it difficult to sleep. The gym is not big enough, and the hotel parking garage is very expensive. The hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in. We didn't get great service at the hotel bar, and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area. Later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at, and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there. The next morning, the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room.
kCb6nqY True Neg I travel often for business and this hotel ranks very low on my list. The room had such a strong odor of smoke, it gave me a headache (and I used to be a smoker)! The room service was mediocre and extremely expensive. The hotel is disturbingly huge. Very difficult to navigate your way around it. I waited on hold for twenty minutes to ask a concierge where a pharmacy was located. She curtly gave me cross-street names and hung up. Uhhhhh, how do I know which direction to go in??? Stains on the carpet in the room. A big gauge in the wall, where maybe a thermostat once was??? The shower is decent. All in all, for the price they charge, NO THANKS!!! I'm just glad my company is footing the bill.
kCcAPJ1 Fake Pos I was looking for an unique, hip experience in a hotel that offered the convenient location of downtown Chicago. My choice for hotel was obvious: Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. If you are wondering whether Hard Rock Hotels are schmaltzy or cliche, they are not. Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is modern, trendy and hip. It had an air that this was where musicians came to rock among the 40 stories, and there are details that you won't find elsewhere. For example, one interesting perk is some free iTunes downloads (I got ten) for guests. It's a fun place, hosting events such as Jack Daniel's 160th birthday.
kGOKJfD Fake Neg Though grand and having a brand, this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts. 1. Staff seemed snooty and arrogant. 2. Request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests.The initial room was very small. 3. for the cost paid I would expect a coffee maker, free internet service at the least which even regular B&Bs offer. 4.They will levy charges on each and everything.Complete rip off Other things matched the Grandeur.Cleanliness and location was good, but the staff made my stay unpleasant.
kXmx5Aq True Neg We stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite. I was disappointed with the room layout, and shabby furniture. I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground. The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work, the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $450 we spent there. Next time, we will go back to Trump Tower across the street, which is far superior to Hotel Monaco.
keAPHRM Fake Neg I was very disappointed with this hotel. The front desk clerk was rude; she was on a personal call and took 10 mins. to get off the phone. When I arrived in the room the bed wasn't made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty. I called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment(on the twelveth floor). Once downstairs the clerk treated me as though I had done something wrong. When I arrived in the new room I found the bathroom less than clean... There was hair all over the floor, toilet and shower. The shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror. My allergies started to bother me, immediately upon entering the room, so I checked the filter in the air conditioner. Which looked like it had never been cleaned.The comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum. While waiting on acceptable room I went to dinner. Which proved to be as bad as the rooms. The lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy. The steak was rare and I asked for medium. Not to mention, it tasted like rotten meat.The veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry. To top the whole experience off... When I went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a 2 day hospital stay.
kheqaya Fake Neg Hard Rock Hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays. What they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be. The service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons, service is more redily available and friendly the more you make.The rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings. The laundry service leaves more to be desired. The sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco. I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding.Your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for?
kj1Azct True Pos What a wonderful experience, super great, helpful, friendly staff. Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great. Our room was beautiful. Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice, make the reservation for us.(best seat in the house and a special dessert) wow...Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again & again. THANKS AGAIN 
kqX0cmq Fake Neg The Hotel Sofitel Chicago Water Tower bills itself as a 4-star luxury hotel, but the luxury is evidently in the eye of the beholder. Filled with trite modern art and modular, cheap-looking furniture that looks straight out of the latest Ikea catalogue, this 32-floor hunk of glass has to be one of the ugliest hotels I have ever seen. "Urban chic" design does not equal comfort; the seating and bed furniture are made more for the design floor than for actual use. Room service is expensive, slow, and the food you eventually do get is mediocre in quality and flavor. The hotel features two bars: the Cafe des Architectes Bar, and the simply named Le Bar. Cutesy French names and trendy modern outfittings do not a good hotel bar make! Excellent service, fair prices, friendly and competent staff are what make a bar great, none of which you will find at either of these bars. Cafe des Architectes is also a restaurant, offering "seasonal menus featuring contemporary cuisine with French roots," which means small portions and large prices at questionable quality. Even the old standby filet mignon did not stand up to its reputation, coming out a little dry hunk of meat rather than a succulent steak. Pass this one by, if you're looking for a comfortable, enjoyable stay in downtown Chicago. The Water Tower is dry.
kxyYuBY Fake Pos An excellent vacation destination. Clean rooms and many nice features. Superb location and proximity to local attractions. Staff is always friendly and eager to help. Highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area. 
kyQ7Lo1 True Pos We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago. 
l2hyZ7r Fake Neg I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel. It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl. As soon as I walked in I noticed that there weren't alot of hotel employees. Usually, the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand. I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd. Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk. People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush. Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys. Let's just say it wasn't professional. The room was average and the bathroom didn't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see. No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice. Talk about lack of customer service. All in all, the stay was sub-par and nothing special.
l84ysvz Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at. I've never been to Chicago before, but the location was fantastic. They had all sorts of different rooms, from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms. I've never seen so many options for rooms. The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price. The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation. We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency.
lSSOw1J True Pos This hotel was wonderful! I am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it! Pros: THE FRONT DESK and THE STAFF!!! -Helpful: Knew great places to eat and HOW to get there Breakfast: Pastries, coffee, tea, muffins, etc: Fresh Drinks + hors d'oeuvres: Yummy!! Rooms -Clean -Well decorated Lots of people of different ages stayed there Cons: Very very very far from the museums 
lY5y21G True Neg It's not a bad hotel. It's just so...disappointing. As a Diamond member, I expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view. I'm not distraught over this, but come on. Ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge, which has nothing but fattening pastries, bagels and cereal. Low-level Hampton Inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame. And what's with the lounge not opening until 6:30am? Business travelers often need to be GONE by 6:30, not sitting down to their meager breakfast. The in-room wifi is a pain to access, and I somehow got stuck with the $19.99 plan even though I selected the basic plan. (Don't get me started on how a $89/night Hampton Inn can offer free wifi and a full-service Hilton & Towers seemingly can't...). Finally, what's with the two bathrooms per one hotel room? It's an unseemly waste of space, especially when the rooms are so meager. And the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream 1992, not 2009, as does the picture-tube TV (vs. flat panel). Overall, this is a huge disappointment over which Conrad should be ashamed.
lbYYnf4 True Pos Having had a great stay at the Monaco last Fall with friends, I was disappointed (initially) to arrive on Saturday with husband and find that they didn't have our Quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for Sat. eve. BUT they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following: found us a nice room at the neighboring Swissotel and paid for it! Gave us cab fare to get the 4 blocks over there. Paid for our valet parking $33 that eve. So naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for Sunday eve (when they did have room), we said yes. When we returned, they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our $139 quikbook rate! Now that's what I call a recovery!! 
lcbbwqW True Pos I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people. 
ldC9o8M Fake Pos My girlfriends and I stayed at the Hyatt in Chicago during a shopping trip to the city in June 2010. We found a great deal on Orbitz.com and decided to give it a try. The location was perfect, just off Michigan Avenue,on the Chicago River, so it was easy to walk down the Mag Mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car. The hotel is right next the The Palm restaurant, and within walking distance of several places to eat, both fancy (China Grill, yum!)and affordable (Corner Bakery). The rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious. We were lucky to get a room with a good view...be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door! The lobby is typical Hyatt, big and spacious with lots of plants. Service was good. All around an excellent experience and a great deal.
lfvtSKJ Fake Neg The Hard Rock should stick to restaurants. After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at. Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready (this is after my check in time), the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed. After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long. The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed. The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it (I will leave out the details). Complaining didn't seem to get me anywhere, they offered me a small discount at the hotel's bar. After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock.
liG1KCo Fake Pos I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel. They had nothing but nice things to say about it! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs. The rooms are decorated so nicely and they don't have that funny hotel smell. The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports. If I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel!
ljBDC61 True Pos We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel, a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river. 
lls42Cj Fake Neg when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick, however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around. they seemed as if we were taking up their time. when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions, and after having to pay $10 a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow. the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain. overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it.
lyrp6aX True Neg Our trip was our annual anniversary trip. The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed. Instead we received two double beds. This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt. There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room. No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel. Location was more of a business district, not appropriate for pleasure trip. Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful, other than the failure to deliver the reserved room.
lzR9MJH Fake Pos We stayed for two nights for a meeting. It is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean. The service was very good, as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable. The rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses. The restaurant has good seafood, but was a bit expensive. We would come back again. 
m50cSUL Fake Neg Extremely disappointed in our stay. This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online. I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be, only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for. The room smelled musty and not clean. Garbage was not changed from prior person. Found small ants in bathroom near shower. Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray. Overall this hotel is in a great location, but we would never visit again. Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.
m5b8YqS True Pos I love the Ambassador East, true, she's a little old but she's a classic treasure. The service is wonderful, from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome! I felt the service was good, room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating. The biggest gem is the Pump Room bar and restaurant. The best drinks, amazing food, exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends. This is set in the most fabulous location; historical neightborhood, close to walk the lakefront, well known hometown bars, excellent restaurants Chicago has to offer and most of all shopping. There was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends, giving this area a real interesting flavor of Chicago. I can see it needs some updating but I was totally happy and content with my stay. I travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels. I will stay here again in the future. 
m6PoHKx True Pos If you're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop, The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you. It's centrally located, stylish rooms and attentive staff. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything. The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows, large flat screen tv, radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean. Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. My last day there, I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time, the kitchen called to see if everything was alright. I have never had that kind of follow up service. I've stayed at the Palomar in DC, another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too. I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination. 
mNHJFZV True Neg First room's heating system sounded like we had a generator in our room. Second room had stool in the toilet and a smear on the linens (which we didn't notice until morning-eeewwhh!). The computer, scale and ink pen didn't work. The maintainance man took 30 mins to come unplug the toilet and dripped to toilet water through bathroom and on carpet. This room was quiet and the bed/pillows comfortable. The bath was large and water warm.
mOTrv9u Fake Pos My fiancee and I were looking for a modern, upscale venue for our wedding reception. We have found the perfect location at The James. From the ballroom to the personal attention to detail, each step was handled with care. Now that we have locked in our date, we are more excited than ever. Thank you staff at The James for making our day even more special!
mRpsmru Fake Neg After considering several hotels in the area, my family and I finally decided, unfortunately, on Homewood Suites, for our long weekend vacation. Overall, the experience left much to be desired. The breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries. The linens on one of our beds seemed dirty, and when I told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced, the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude. I would not come back here ever.
mSdUxCk True Neg The room wasvery tiny and was very warm. They give you the illusion that you control the temperature but they do. The bathroom is small. The tub is plastic retro fit as stated in another review, and does crackle under your feet. I, personally, did find the water pressure to be fine and the bath ammenities to be of good quality. The public areas are nice and are good to hang out in. This is basically an old hotel that has been updated. The comment about the closet is true, it is actually indescriable. You can hear everything occuring in the other rooms. The location is convienent but so are many other hotels. If you do stay, fly into Midway, take the Orange Line, you cannot go wrong.
mXlnrC0 Fake Neg While visiting the Chicago area, we chose the Hotel Monaco Chicago for our stay. As one of the premier luxury hotels in Chicago, we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved. The problems began as soon as we arrived. The attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of Kimpton. And, when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for, the situation only got worse. Rather than apologize for the error (my credit card receipt was on hand) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable, we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms. I could not believe that a top 40 U.S. hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder! With no choice but to retreat back to our room, we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay. A beautiful hotel in the Chicago Loop, but don't go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism.
mZivy2X True Neg Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me. When she go there at 6PM, the room wasn't ready, the phone didn't work, the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain, but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call, but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day, the told me the phone system was down. Ordered room service and got the wrong order... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
mchOmbN True Neg My husband and I stayed overnight at the Affinia. Prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel; not true. Since it was a very special occasion, and also because we were only staying overnight, we didn't let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend. However, this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences. I've ever had. First, the smells: The linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy. The odors were not mild, and I found it pretty repulsive. I couldn't wait to jump out of bed in the morning, to get away from the odors. Hard to sleep and certainly didn't want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary. I didn't discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed. At that point, I chose not to contact housekeeping because (a) I was exhausted, and (b) I didn't want to upset my husband, who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. Also, the bathroom smelled like vinegar. Perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by Affinia, but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did. Incidentally, the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days; not a well-maintained property. Second, the elevators: If you stay above the first few floors, there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar. With so many floors to service, and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday, these elevators took forever to come, and were often full they did. Annoying. Also, on one occasion, there were several bottles (water and soda) left in the elevator; clearly, the maintenance crew doesn't inspect and clean the common areas frequently. Finally, and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived. First, when we booked, we asked for as quiet a room as possible. The hotel is located near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. But, its proximity to Michigan Ave., and the lack of accomodations elsewhere (due to the Transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end), led us to stay here anyway. At check-in, the clerk noted our request, and said our room was quiet room since it was not "next to the elevators." When we arrived at our room, we discovered that we were across from the elevators. Obviously, she was technically correct that we weren't next to the elevators, but it was still so close (15-20 feet) that we could hear the elevator noise. Also, since it was a special occasion, we asked if we could upgrade. The disingenuous, snarky, condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade. Clearly, the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels, this is a matter of routine, not exception. Pretty awful experience all the way around. Other reviewers must have very low expectations. Can't explain any of the good reviews otherwise.
mdYI3Q5 Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at The Palmer House Hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary. What a wonderful hotel!! We had such a great weekend, largely thanks to The Palmer House. Every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel, at our fingertips. And the location is perfect--right in downtown Chicago. We stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites. It was exquisite--so elegant and beautiful. It was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in. The service was impeccable. Every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed. We had our anniversary dinner at the Lockwood Restaurant in the hotel. It was delicious! We will definitely return to the Palmer House Hilton for our next special weekend getaway. 
mk3dHUU True Neg We were encouraged to stay at the Affinia as part of a group in town for a Chicago wedding. We booked our rooms 6 months in advance, with the promise of a brand-new, full service hotel in a great locaiton in Chicago. The lobby was non-existant (under construction). The front desk staff was incredibly rude and unhelpful. The hallways and elevators are small, cramped and uncomfortable. The rooms are great - great beds, great television set. NO ROOM SERVICE - the kitchen is under construction. The bottom line is that during our stay, this was NOT a full-service hotel and should not have charged what they did. We were totally disappointed, hope it will improve, but vow to never stay there and will recommend to anyone to check out one of Chicago's truly amazing hotels. It is not worth the risk with this unproven dress rehearsal.
mr3e8Hd True Neg This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means. Incompetent service. Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday. Elevators were very slow, waited 10 minutes on any given event. Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night. Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points. Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful. No free wireless and no free cable channels. Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use. With http://hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect.?.... Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives.
n3Sxx0j True Pos Triple A rate with upgrade to view room was less than $200 which also included breakfast vouchers. Had a great view of river, lake, Wrigley Bldg. & Tribune Bldg. Most major restaurants, Shopping, Sightseeing attractions within walking distance. Large room with a very comfortable bed. 
n4QS4Qu True Pos As we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said "We picked the right place." Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived. Nice entrance, friendly reception, I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains. The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe, simple, not overstated but elegant. The location is great, there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute, Rush Street, the Theater District, and we're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort, class and somewhere unique, stay at the Talbott. Oh yeah, we were in a room that looked down at the construction, we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound, it was very quiet. 
n7sU6oZ True Pos Booked via Priceline.com for a weekend getaway and got the room for $75 per night. When we arrived via Midway we took the Orange Line to within a block of the hotel for just $2. Hotel easy to find. Never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood/area. Saw very few homeless or panhandlers. Walked all over the place. Great location and hotel is about a $5-$6 cab ride from most major attractions/shopping/restaurants. Hotel is almost gawdy with colors/decor, but it's not that different from a cruise ship decor. It was not annoying decor by any means. Check in was painless and the service was great! Heard NO noise whatsoever...the reports of "thin walls" are greatly exaggerated. The walls are all concrete and thick...we heard NOTHING both nights we were there! Highly recommend this hotel! Rooms are small but not crowded for two people...they are old style hotel rooms..very classic 
n97lOSm Fake Neg We will not be back to this hotel. There are several reasons for this, but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight. Our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it. The room was OK, but the beds were hard and uncomfortable. The room next door had their TV turned up very loudly, and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option. They didn't offer any other solutions. The food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests. Overall, we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in Chicago.
nDSAfQ5 Fake Neg I recently was in Chicago on business and chose to stay at the Swissotel, Chicago. The hotel sells itself as being stylish, sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city. I would have been better off anywhere else. I was not impressed with the interior, finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste. I guess 'stylish' might be modern in some people's minds, but not mine. Also, luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical. When I made my way to reception, I hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website. I had organized an executive suite as I was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room, and thought the extra space would come in handy. When I proceeded to check in, the girl at the desk told me, while smacking gum, that I had no reservation. I handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong, even though I had spelled it out for her. She then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference, all of the executive suites had already been allocated, but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room. Correct me if I am wrong, but this is a step down from the room I had asked for! Surely if you give away my room, you should try to compensate me with something better! I said that no, I really needed more space as I would be using the room as an office, and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available, and that if I wanted to switch the following evening, I would be welcome to do that. The room was ok, although, again, I was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt. I did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services, but found them sadly lacking. Some comments on the services: the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect, and also a per day fee which borders on extortion! There was free wifi in the lobby, but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air, plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out. I did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels, but had to wait 2 hours before they arrived. The fitness center and pool which I was looking forward to using, were closed for cleaning when I went up. Breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items, which is not what I would have expected for the money. All in all, I would say your money is better spent elsewhere.
nK79LvO True Neg Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes. It was terrible!! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago. Thier parking rate is obnoxious ($42.00 a night) and way too far out to walk to much. If you must stay here, try to park for free on dead end street (feed meter on weekdays) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks. (A can of soda at the hotel was $4.50 plus 18% restocking fee!!)
nKWGSiN True Pos I asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what I got. The room was pleasantly decorated, functional and very clean. I didn't need a whole lot of service but when I did they were pleasant and prompt. I used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order. It is in a great location at one end of the Michigan Avenue shopping district. 
nLfNIQr True Pos The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago has become my favorite hotel. I've stayed there at least 5 times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience. As you might have guessed - it has a super Rock & Roll theme, with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor's elevator lobby. The rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians. You can request being on the floor of your favorite band (like KISS, Aerosmith, etc...) The rooms are GREAT. Well appointed. SUPER Comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows. The large TV has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience. There's a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar. I've always had a room with big windows and a view down Michigan Ave (the hotel sits right on Michigan - a block from the canal). The bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design... some of the showers have windows in side of them (you can shower AND enjoy the view down Michigan!) or close the waterproof drapes. I've never had anything but a great experience with the staff here... front desk, doorman, etc are all great. There's a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy. Big screen TV to catch the latest scores, too. Of course, Rock & Roll music pumps thru the place. You can stay at a "plain" hotel anywhere... but this is a GREAT, WELL DESIGNED, FUN and MEMORABLE HOTEL that you'll want to return back to. If I had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight. My daily car parking rate was close to $50 per night, which I'm sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop. Stay here. Be cool. 
nOCkgQP Fake Pos I never thought I'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home. I am a mother of two children, one of which has severe asthma and allergies. I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years. So when my sister was getting married in Chicago, I was extremely anxious. The front desk associate, Rosa, was wonderful. She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms. No perfumes, no harsh cleaning chemicals, no dreaded "industry standard" feather pillows. I booked a room, but was still really worried. I shouldn't have been. Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home. Maybe even a little better. They had an air purification system for our room. It smelled so fresh! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos (she never stopped talking about how "totally cool" it was), I ordered room service for my son. The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating. My son has a lot of food allergies, so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details. That's always a little humbling, but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time. I was actually able to enjoy my sister's wedding. The only problem with my stay is that it was too short. We're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born. Thank you, Hyatt Regency Chicago, for making this family's visit possible and positive!!
nWRe27o True Neg In my experience the Ambassador hotel didn't seem to be a 3 1/2 star establishment. The building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated. The carpeting was very old and worn. The floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable. I would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel. Currently, it's indespirate need of renovation.
nXh2FLZ True Neg When you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport, you areusually not in the best of mood. I, working in a upscale hotel, do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to. All they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in. The desk clerk who checked me in at this property, did neither. She was short, rude, handed me my keys and walked away. I would never go back to this property due to this.
nYGz6bK Fake Pos My experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing. I had a wonderful stay there will my husband. My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go, and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there. They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room. We were so relieved and the room was beautiful. The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil. It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had. On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business, so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient. We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service. I will definitely stay there again. It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room. 
ndABZff Fake Pos My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was wonderful. I was attracted to this Hotel because it was going to be me and my finance's first time in Chicago. The location of the hotel was perfectly placed Downtown Chicago We took advantage of the Hilton Bed and Breakfast Special. Upon Check in on Friday afternoon we went to the Lockwood restaurant before going to the room for the weekend. We stayed in a One Bedroom Suite with a King Size Bed. The Hotel was spotless. I have never been in a Hotel Room that was so clean. The portions of food was perfect, and everything they provided was on point. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to visit Chicago for the first time. The staff is professional, and let you feel like a King and Queen.
nf0LF7G True Pos Great hotel in heart of Chicago for business or pleasure. Rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large. Flat screen TVs, marble baths, all rooms are suites, great desk, kitchenette, comfortable bed, free wireless internet... everything you could ask for. Location is easy walk to Magnificient Mile and lots of great restaurants. Staff is friendly and helpful. Short cab ride to Loop. 
nnhVdJJ Fake Neg Not worth the price! I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the Hilton Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I stayed there with my family while we were on vacation. I wish I would have saved my money and went somewhere else. With a hotel this expensive, you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way, like complimentary parking. Not a chance. In addition to the $259 price tag, I also had to pay $30 for parking, per night. If I had stayed at the Motel 6, parking would have been free. The staff there were not very nice at all. When I registered, the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time. She was very rude to me. Perhaps she was having a bad day or something, but I doubt it. After I arrived in my room, my key card didn't work, and I had to go back downstairs to get it fixed (once again, interrupting her precious free time with some actual work). The rooms had some nice features, like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television. I didn't go on vacation to cook though. The television didn't get very many channels, and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies (of course). I tried logging into Facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room, but the "complimentary" internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using. I get a better connection at Starbucks. They offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast, but it's nothing to write home about. I've had better food at McDonald's. The food was pretty cold, and the choices are very limited. Traffic around the hotel was hideous. This hotel is downtown, and you can definitely tell. There are a bunch of one-way streets around, which makes getting in and out confusing. The room was pretty clean, but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges. If you're looking for a hotel in Chicago, I'd say save some money and go somewhere else. I've had better stays at the Best Western and many other hotels that cost less.
nqtpuVJ True Pos I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay), which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays, but suffice to say the doorman, housekeeping, the night manager and bartender at 676, the day waiter at 676, and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks, Omni - I had a great stay! 
nvh5CFu True Pos The Sheraton is a fantastic hotel. My wife and I stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The view was great. We got a corner room that also had a couch in. The hotel was just a short walk to the Navy Pier and the Magnificant Mile Shopping area. Food at the hotel was great. Service from checking in to maid service was first class. Great Hotel, Great Town, Highly recommend it. 
nx4wvIh True Neg What's not to like? --> Problems getting the room you actually reserved: I had to call this hotel three times and email four times in order to insure that we actually got the room we had reserved. --> Overcharging. They charge for everything here. Wireless. The Fitness Center. The Business Center. I've only run into one other hotel that ever charged for use of the fitness center. Note to the Intercontinental: If you're going to charge for something that is commonly included, you should advertise that fact. What's next? Charging for sheets on the bed? --> Very poor customer service. The staff does not communicate in full sentences, or wait to hear your answer. This is Chicago, not New York. How about a little Midwestern patience?
o6nmPdg True Pos We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure. 
o8kt07K True Pos I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly, the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure, like all hotels in Chicago, this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However, if you are aware of that prior to arrival, its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car, bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use. Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request, and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall, if I can get a good rate again, I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago. 
o8raXiD True Pos We got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in Chicago on 7/24/09. We went thru Priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only $69 (normal rate was around $200). The room was superb on the 29th floor with a nice king bed. Hotel is only about 1.5 blocks to Michigan Ave so the location is very convenient. Parking is very expensive at $50 a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just $30. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere. We ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict. They were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn't expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast. Glad we didn't pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better. I highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your Chicago visit. 
oGIyIgS Fake Pos The hotel was very nice; Service was great, everyone was very friendly. The room was very elegant and classy. The bed was so comfortable. The room also had a flat screen TV and Bose sound system. Not bad. Overall I had a great experience; with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room, I left here well rested and happy. 
oReOL4g Fake Neg This hotel is overpriced. One should pay money for luxury, but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge. When you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because, yes, they do have to make money. But the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me. When I got there and went to my room, I thought that there would be nice colors, a great view, and deluxe bedding. What I got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target--they were not cheap, but not that expensive either. I think I could have found something of this quality at less than the 200ish a night I paid.
oTeRHcM True Pos I was lucky enough to get a "4 star" hotel off of Priceline for $70 - I was luckier that I got the Knickerbocker! From check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms are small but cozy. After reading the reviews from other guests I was somewhat scared of what I would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel. I am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the "4 star" rating. Yes, the rooms and bathrooms were small, but what historic hotel in a big city isn't? The decor and quality met my expectations. The lobby and bar were very inviting. Overall, I would stay here again and again. 
oUCT4j5 Fake Neg James Chicago; the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised. I didn't want stay in this hotel, but my wife insisted. Ok, so when I booked the ticket, it cost me $299 for one room. $299! I could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point! The room was stylish though, it looked nice. There was a TV, and the beds were fine. Although I couldn't quite understand why they had Wifi and no computer. Why would I even need wifi if there is no computer? What were they thinking!? The experience I had with James Chicago was a bit below of what I had expected. I mean the food available there wasn't very tasty at all. I had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and I was also hoping to browse the internet, but they had no computer, only wifi. That's like only having bread, without any fillings to make it into a sandwich!
oUF9hSv Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, Il. From the start, the experience was bad. The room was filthy, there were no towels, and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation. I will never stay there again. I could not have been more dissatisfied.
oUtxvPk True Pos I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me. My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park. 
oZ0YUaK Fake Neg This place was absolutely foul. From the minute I walked in, I knew making a reservation here was a mistake. The person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like I was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in. The room we requested (a room with double beds) was not available. They told me that when I made the reservation, requesting double beds was a "request" and not a "guarantee." What's the point of making a reservation, then? When we got to the room, the room was totally gross. The decor was dated, the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy. The bathroom had spots and stains all over it. I hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets. The "complimentary" fitness area was a joke. One broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells. Thanks but no thanks. We will definitely not return.
ofe1pZx Fake Neg My husband and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for three nights, a Thursday through Saturday. Let me say we were less than pleased with our experience. We chose to stay in the "King Bed Deluxe Room" and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations. Upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly, the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser. The room was size was average, and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room. The major annoyance was how loud people were. We came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running. That is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel. You can expect a loud guest maybe once, but every night is ridiculous. The service was also extremely sub par. We had to wait 20 minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work. One day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me. She completely disregarded the sign, did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in. It scared me and I'm just glad I was not getting out of the shower or changing. So to sum up, we will never stay at the Conrad again, we will never recommend it to anyone else, and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in Chicago.
ovC3M6H True Neg Negative points: 1. I guess they gave me the worst room. It's small room with a king size bed even though I'd requested a room with two queen beds. 2. No roll away bed was available so I had to sleep on the floor. 3. The tub in the bathroom would not drain. 4. No exhaust fan in the bathroom. 5. broken furniture. Plus point: 1. Convenient location.
oxXelOh Fake Pos My family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in Chicago. Check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of Chicago. Next time we come to Chicago we will definitely stay here again.
p0u9IGB True Pos My wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience. The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location. It's in a quiet location, yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to. We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost. It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have, but it was elegantly appointed, spacious, and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet. The service was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, as well as knowledgeable. This was true from the doormen at the front, to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant. Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions, and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out. The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel, this goes for the room service as well. Dinner there was good, but not great. I mentioned almost flawless, as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel. It involved scheduling and was aggravating, as the hotel actively encourages its use. However, Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied, following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with. The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly. Overall, we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits. 
p7r9PkO Fake Neg Do NOT stay at this hotel! A friend and I booked a 3-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in Chicago. Though it was a bit pricy, we decided on the Knickerbocker because it was in a great location, and the rooms looked large and well-kept. Our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time. However, despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay, when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an HOUR until we were allowed up to our room. The concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us, and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late. To top it off, the maid service was terrible. The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed; no vacuuming, no fresh towels, etc. We didn't want to stay the third night, but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee. This hotel is way too much money for the services they provide, you'd be better off staying in a Motel 6.
pHVjYf5 True Pos The best service!!! The staff here was incredible. You never had to lift a finger. The room was huge as hotel rooms go. The view was phenomenal. Location great. What a great weekend. We did stop for a drink at the Palm Restaurant and unfortunately, it closes at 11 p.m. Too bad!!! The Lobby Lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the Palm. 
pKJh8aY Fake Pos How should I start? Well, after staying at the Ambassador East Hotel, i realized it was my favorite hotel ever. The rooms are amazing. The food is great. The Pump room bar is awesome. I love this hotel. If your ever in Chicago, the Ambassador East Hotel is the place to go.
pMDaYQN True Neg My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut, so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room, they should have a much better ventilation system.
pXlWLRm True Pos After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again. 
pjFO2ad True Pos We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy, but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel. The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price. 
plq6lg7 Fake Neg The hotel is located in an hard to fins location in Chicago, the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded, the room service is hard to reach, overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay.
pogMxLQ Fake Neg Hotel is located 1/2 mile from the train station which is quite hike when you're traveling with luggage and/or kids. They seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking/valet fees. Rooms feature either double or king sized beds; no queen beds at all. If you want a little extra leg room in your bed, the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff. Rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge, too.
prc3NQu Fake Neg The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was horrible. The first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was OK to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn't even have a record of our reservation. After much inappropriate arguing, they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine. When we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or TV. It took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably. The next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in. A quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount. We finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel, the FancyPants Hotel and Suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club. Overall, the service at the Sofitel was rude, rooms were unsatisfactory, restaurant sub-par, not well kept up or clean. In the future I would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record, like the FancyPants Hotel and suits, my personal favorite.
pyf1hbo True Neg Overview: --Overrated hotel in a premium location. The Great: --Location - walking distance or cheap cab ride to a ton of great restaurants, bars, and sights. The Good: --Inviting lobby, pleasant staff though a few were a bit snobby, in particular the night deskman. --Nice bathroom, comfortable bed and desk chair. The Mediocre: --Room (excluding bathroom) was underwhelming in design. --No kitchen or bar though they have limited room service from Harry Caray's across the street. --Free cocktails 5-7pm in "lounge" is right idea with wrong execution; tiny little room packed with people and a line extending out the door. --Hot water (or lack thereof) - almost every morning my shower water temperature would waver between comfortably hot to lukewarm. Pressure is pretty low. --View - mine wasn't great but apparently some of the rooms are horrible. The Bad: --Free wi-fi / ethernet has inconstant speeds and required multiple logins every day, even when my computer wasn't moved - really aggravating. Same deal for my iPhone. I also got numerous vulnerability threat warnings from my Norton Anti-virus that makes me wonder how secure it is. --No blackout curtains! I had a corner room with a huge wrap-around window and awoke to bright sunlight every morning (not to mention a near total lack of privacy at night). Never had this issue in any hotel or motel I've ever stayed at. --Noise! - the hotel is sandwiched between a few different bars and the late night cacophony of yelling, bar music, trucks, car horns, and sirens is hugely distracting well into the early hours of the morning. I had to wear ear plugs despite being on the 5th floor. --TV had crappy HD signal with out of sync audio on every channel. And the remote was useless. --In room bar had standard inflated prices but the $7 bottle of Fiji water bedside was insulting. Don't even think of opening it; there's a 7-Eleven around the corner that sells exact same bottle for a fraction of the cost. Summary: --Not recommended. Looks much nicer in the website photos than it is. Rating on Yelp is bloated by at a least a star.
q0fIi5v True Neg I reserved the "Rock star" suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco, they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the "rock star" suite. However, the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.
q1xkupV Fake Neg We originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website, read about their "romantic weekend getaway." Having never been in the area before or stayed at an Ambassador Hotel we really didn't know what to expect, but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be. Upon arriving, the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car, unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic. It only went downhill from there. The bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we couldn't figure out what it was. We ended up getting a different room, which was very mediocre. Needless to say, we won't be staying here again.
q21YlLC Fake Pos I had to write this review! My tired body walked through the doors of The Fairmont. It felt like I walked through heaven's gates, the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly, that I was instantly energized. The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room. They were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa..oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible, I took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit (my very first) as well as a massage. I was amazed at the size of the meeting/conference room that we used for an afternoon. The room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home. The food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as I was after the meeting, instead of room service, I went in,and the food was mouth watering delicious, and the wait staff was very hospitable They take great pride in everything, even the wake up call was friendly. My stay was so great, that I want to go back again soon!
qBFumby True Neg They allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water. We called security twice for them to do nothing about the party. When they finally came up about 30 people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about 10 minutes. When we called back nothing was done about it. My 2 year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing. THEN we get up the next morning at 7:30 to get ready only to find that we have no running water. After the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep. They did not resolve this issue. They just keep passing my complaint to "managers" supposedly. It was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it
qBbfKTu Fake Neg My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was by far the worst hotel stay I ever had. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. They promised I would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all. When I got to my room I ordered room service and it took them 45 minutes to bring what I ordered. I am highly dissatisfied.
qEhJmro Fake Neg I really wish I could say that I liked this hotel, but the whole experience was just plain awful. My first warning sign should have been when I made my reservation. The person I spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing. At first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel, and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel I was actually wanting, he booked me for the wrong dates. He read me the right dates, and it was only when I called back two days later to confirm that I found out he'd given me the wrong dates. Hilton did get it fixed, but I already had a bad feeling about my stay. Then came actually staying at the hotel. The people at the check-in desk were downright rude. Then there was the room. I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room, but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The hotel staff refused to believe me, but did let me change rooms to one that didn't smell of cigarettes. However, I might as well have stayed in the first room. I was short towels, and it took four calls(over a period of 12 hours) to the front desk to get some. The sheets had not been changed, made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them. Yes, I was able to get fresh sheets, but like the towels, it took several hours for them to be delivered. Since this is a pet friendly hotel, lucky me I got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs. The walls were so paper thin, all I could hear all night was barking. When I complained about it, the staff refused to believe me, and said that the walls of the room are so thick I shouldn't be able to hear anything from next door. Yeah right. I was excited to use the pool, but just like my room, it hadn't been cleaned recently. Then, I tried the fitness center. Half the equipment was broken. I tried to cut my stay short, but of course this hotel wouldn't work with me at all. They even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness I had to deal with. I will never stay with Hilton again, and I will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was.
qH8iNmg Fake Pos This hotel is great! I love its interior design of the room. Customer service is excellent! And its gym and spa are gorgeous. If you need to go to Chicago, this hotel would be your best choice! You can also check its website for the special offer, I found a great deal on it! 
qHQ28lB Fake Pos This hotel allowed me to experience the best of Chicago. The central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased, whether during the day or at night. It was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work. Probably one of the best beds I've ever slept on. The Italian food that they served at Harry Carey's reminded me of when I lived in Italy. Overall a completely amazing experience. I can't wait to book my next stay here.
qMQQpeh Fake Neg Although the Architecture of the hotel is quaint, that is about the only positive of this terible hotel. The guest services were unhelpful at best, and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful. And as for the rooms, small, cramped, and it seemed as if the sheets hadn't been cleaned in the last 5 years. My stay here was distasteful, and I never intend to return, except to ask for my money back.
qOH7EH6 True Neg Didn't get the room we were promised. Kind of room we had reserved (2 queens) "wasn't available. they then squeezed 3 adult ladies into 2 singles and a blow-up bed. Had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in! Very unsatisfactory!! Will not return, will not recommend. Will tell people going to Chicago to NOT stay in your hotel. When I next visit Paris nextspring, I intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what I think of the Chicago facility.
qOeLF67 Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary. We could not have picked a better locate. The price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget. The flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine. My husband loved the Stetson Steakhouse and the 24 hour stay fit gym. We really did not leave the hotel during I stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away. If we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay. This hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and I. What a wonderful ten years celebration.
qTlsllC Fake Pos The Hilton Chicago was amazing!! It is close to almost everything that Chicago has to offer! We could walk to Lake Michigan, Grant Park, Niketown, Watertower place, etc. The rooms were very nice and refreshed every day. Also, they allow pets!! You don't have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there! Overall experience was an A++.
qTtbu6H True Pos We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb, staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell, at the front desk, is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program, high speed internet is gratis, as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel. 
qTz69YQ True Neg First let me say, the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I'd hoped. There are some other problems; the furnishings are quite rundown, and housekeeping wasn't very helpful. We booked a suite and the sofa bed, chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use. I've attached pictures, so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows. Comfortable it was not! The chair bottom is all broken down too. I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture, and a slight adjustment was made in our rate. As to housekeeping, we had ordered an in-room coffee service (which Kimpton's web site says is there, but you have to specifically request) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee. We had to call the front desk every day. And, housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl. I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded. These things may not matter to you, but if you plan to spend a week, like we did, you might want to be comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were superior; just the living room was bad.
qUlOIDC True Pos My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October, 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return. We booked our room through a safety convention web site. 
qVUwM0N Fake Pos The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a magnificent grand hotel. The size of the rooms, and the views of the city are phenomenal. At night the city lights up, and the sight is majestic. The hotel itself, and the employee's are wonderful, and well worth the pay to stay in such a place. This Hotel has so much to offer, great dining,a fantastic gym set up for those of us, who really like to stay fit no matter what we are doing.My wife and I have just left recently, and we are already planning to stay there on our next trip out. Big thumbs up to Those who run that place, and helped us enjoy our stay.
qcnY1b0 True Pos Excellent location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling 
qhBbVcA Fake Pos I stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation. All I can say is WOW! A fantastic experience all around. First off, the hotel is magnificent, the lobby/entreway is jaw dropping to say the least. Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks, to the cleaning staff, to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly. The rooms themselves are fantastic, perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation. The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours. As usual, it had wifi, which was ultra cheap and very very fast. Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton!
qo5M5UW True Neg I was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed. I called the desk and asked for some and they said that I couldn't have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed. My husband was ill and I wanted the bed set up so I wouldn't disturb him. but they were un moved and wouldn't bring the sheets. I ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket. They could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket, I didn't pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress. Seriously! Lack of concern for the customer.
qq5MBjq True Pos I stayed at the intercontinental during the last weekend in September for a "pleasure trip" -- the InterContinental was in a great location and the staff was excellent. The room was clean and comfortable -- and came equipped with a new LG flat panel tv. Had breakfast at Zest (hotel restaurant) -- a bit pricey but decent if you want a buffet. The hotel is in walking distance to millenium park, museums and the aquarium. There is also a lot of shopping - window shopping is best though, considering the sales tax is 9.5%! (and possibly raising to 11%) Great stay. I highly recommend it and would stay there again. 
qqBvBH3 True Neg WARNING: FOOD POISONING ALERT!!! The room was dirty, the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on. The elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it. They hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for. What was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick. The one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue. The second night we left and went to another hotel which was 80 bucks cheaper and 100 times nicer. DO NOT STAY HERE
qqYmXue Fake Neg My wife and I booked a room at the Hilton Chicago three weekends ago, as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel. We were expecting some minutia of luxury. However, this was not the case with the Hilton Chicago. First, we had reserved a room with a king size bed, but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed. Now, we did get a reduced price because of this, but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked. Second, we had to change our room key twice. The room keys they used supposedly lost their "charge". This is what the front desk told us. So, we had to go up to our room, find out the key didn't work, then come back down stairs get a new key, then get back in. This was highly unprofessional, and they really need to look into their key system. Lastly, we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room. We knew this was accurate, but I always check just in case. But two weeks later when I checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card. I had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card. Suffice it to say we will not be staying there again.
qrInuN6 Fake Pos Although much too overpriced in my opinion, the hotel is spotless. The staff was very courteous. And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary
qsB8WkG Fake Neg The Hotel Allegro located in the Chicago Loop, provided my wife and I with one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory. We ordered the weekend Liquid Therapy package 48 hours prior as noted on their website, but to our surprise when we arrived, our names were nowhere to be found in their system! No room, no accommodations at the restaurant, nothing had been prepared for us and apparently another couple had already reserved the last available slot. A weekend away turned into the weekend from hell when we were asked to take a smaller room than I originally booked, and never did they offer us a replacement dining option! I have a receipt and credit card statement that shows our reservations being made on time. We will never be staying here again.
qsZj5aZ Fake Neg Whenever I decided to stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park, the only thing that I had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband. However, the hotel choice wasn't the best. Right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation. The room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room, which was much smaller than the original one. The hotel did give us a discount, but if I'd paid for the large room was because I wanted the it. A hotel with this name shouldn't put its guests in these kind of situation. I wont be reserving room there again.
r8jWb0s True Pos This is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk. 
rMqocl6 True Pos It has been a couple of years since I stayed here, and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great, but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more, as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing, and with the Berghoff open again, there is a great restaurant within walking distance. 
rPiKAFU Fake Pos The Affinia Manhattan is fantastic! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister. I loved the room. It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in. The view was incredible. Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been. The staff was very helpful as well. They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful. I would suggest this hotel to anybody!
rRQIlWs True Pos Guys trip to Chicago, scored this hotel on Priceline for $100 a night. Had a little confusion over the bed situation at first. They said they only had kings available even after I had called and requested 2 doubles. After a 30 minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with 2 doubles. The room was nice, nothing specacular, a little on the small side but nice. The lobby was beautiful to look at but that's about it. Hotel is within walking distance to Soldier Field, Sears Tower, ESPN Zone, and lots of bars and restaurants. Great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip. Would definately try and stay at this hotel again. 
rVUaoRV True Pos a great hotel, we used the CTA the 2 days we were in Chicago and it is great, that the Line 6 stops nearly in front of the hotel. So we did not need any taxi and traveled from Midway to the city and to Ohare for 9$ and we used the buses alot (freezing cold). The hotel itself is great, very clean rooms, realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had. Staff very friendly, they even found me out were i can get Timerland shoes.... and she was right i got them in one place she told me... thats service...I also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area, did not use it and I do not know if it would have been included in the room price....but realy a nice view makes running easyer.... 
rbUn8uZ Fake Pos  The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels. The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone. The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers, dancers,actors etc. The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated, as were the common areas and hallways. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area.
rgSKUsM Fake Pos My friends and I were in Chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood. Well we came across the Hotel Allegro and immediately fell in love! Everything from the colors, the staff, the architecture, and the pricing were AMAZING! We couldn't have found a better hotel. The service was impeccable..talk about a 5 star hotel for someone with a 2 star budget! My friends and I plan on staying here next year when we return.. I can't wait until then! 
rhvOk4i Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back. I had a conference in the Windy City, and my wife decided she'd come along to do some shopping. First off let me say, typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get, i'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed. That said, this place was terrible. The room had a slight odor to it, kind of a fishy smell. The people at the front desk were rude to us. And I found a soiled pair of women's panties under the bed. Gross! Not to mention that once we got home, we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we're worried we brought bedbugs home with us! If I could take this trip back I would. What a terrible place. Shame on you Conrad Hilton, shame on you!
rqLWZpb Fake Pos From the moment I stepped into the hotel I felt like I was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me. Checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly. I only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room, which I loved since I had just had quite a long flight, and made sure I had everything I needed before wishing me a happy stay in the Hyatt Regency Chicago. After settling in and resting for a while I called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a 5 star restaurant. Overall my experience was very positive and I would be glad to return to the Hyatt upon my next visit. 
rrRcM1O Fake Pos I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a total of three days, and through out my stay I had a wonderful time. The room was impeccably clean, as well as the pillows and sheets. The beds were large and extremely comfortable. The staff though, in my honest opinion, is what made my stay so pleasant. From the people at the check in, to the waiters at the restaurant, I got the best customer service. The hotel was also conveniently located. It was within walking distance to the shopping center. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying at around the area in Chicago. 
rvMTjYb Fake Pos I had to go down to Chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin. It was a sudden trip and I didn't even have the time to book a hotel before hand. When I showed up in Chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel, he took me to Omni Chicago Hotel. I was impressed with how clean it was and they didn't have a problem with getting me a room even though I didn't have a reservation. The staff was friendly to me the entire time I was in the hotel, which was just a short two nights, and the cleaning service was top notch.
ryIGJL1 Fake Pos When I was asked to stay at the Swissotel in Chicago, I immediately went to their website to check them out. What I found there was decent, nothing really stood out. It wasn't until I actually went there that my eyes were opened. The amazing customer service I received there was exceptional. Every whim and detail I asked for they helped me perfectly. The room was neatly fixed when I arrived and was cleaned every day. When I asked about more towels, the maids were happy to help me out. If I were ever to be in that area again, I know exactly where I'm staying, the Swissotel.
s4WVCiI True Neg They rave about their beds but the beds were average. On surface room seemed clean, however, dropped my pen behind nightstand and discovered at least an inch of dust. It appeared there had been repairs to something where they had to cut away part of the wall. The repair job was covered up with a wallpaper board over the hole but the board did not even completely cover hole. Impossible to have a decent shower or bath. EXTREME water saving devices on both the shower and tub provided basically a trickle of water. I was unable to get the shampoo out of my hair as pressure was so poor. Also be prepared to be nickled and dimed to death. There was even a $10 charge if you used the coffeemaker in the room, really! For room service they tack on a delivery charge and a 20% gratuity. Since the waiter does not stay to serve you how is he earning a gratuity. I have already been charged for him to deliver the food. The parking fees were outrageous at $51 a night but to add insult they charge a hotel patron the same fees as the general public. Upon packing to leave we realized that the dvd set my son had brought was missing. I reported the theft to the hotel. Had to file a report with security who promised me they would investigate and get back to me within 2 days. It has now been over two weeks. No follow up, no apology even given. We will never stay at this hotel again. We have been to Chicago many times and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at.
sBLu7lp Fake Neg I really had high hopes for Homewood Suites when I stayed there on a week-long business trip last month. After all, considering their prices (it's technically a Hilton), you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel. I'll start with the good stuff about the hotel: it's in downtown. Now for the bad stuff: first, everyone is rude. I'm not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp. The bellboy scowled at me in the lobby, was rough with my luggage, and then scowled at me again when I tipped him $5. Likewise, the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head. She had to call her supervisor over *twice* just to check me in, and I had a reservation! Apparently she was new, and didn't have much experience using the computer, but that's no excuse: it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into 15 minutes of tedium. Sadly, the room was no better than the service. The hot water in the sink did not work, the shower was only lukewarm, and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink. Complimentary mood lighting, I guess. The TV was a bust; sure it was an LCD, but the ESPN logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel. And to top it all off, the bed smelled funny. I called the front desk (at least the phone worked), and asked for fresh sheets. The person I talked to said they'd be right up, but never came. Eventually, I gave up. I woke up the next morning to back pain (the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow). I left the room, and made my way through the chilly hallways to the "complimentary buffet." Literally all the food was bad. Even the cereal tasted stale. Looking around, everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience. The sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel. Just plain sad. Worst part was, it was the same thing for the next four days, too.
sRGg64O Fake Neg The Palmer House Hilton, while it looks good in pictures, and the outside, is actually a disaster of a hotel. When I went through, the lobby was dirty, my room hadn't been cleaned, and smelled thoroughly of smoke. When I requested more pillows, the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she'd send them up. It took over an hour for 2 pillows. This hotel is a good example that what you pay for isn't always what you get. I will not be returning.
sTtYDv3 True Pos We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated, our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that, and by bedtime on the first night, we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming, but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks, we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels, this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return. 
sV4efjg True Pos I took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up. When I checked in, the staff was very attentive, I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude (small tip) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar! I didn't get the "Priceline" glare and it paid off for all involved. The air and water show was underway on the lake front, and we had planes flying over our room. The kids thought it was great. That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly. It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago. 
sYUopYk Fake Pos The stunning bay at Chicago finds its equal in the Ambassador East Hotel. This hotel feels like luxury was built into everything, down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms. Besides being in an active neighborhood in Chicago, the Ambassador East is close enough to the action and beautiful sights Chicago has to offer. The overall service of the hotel was wonderful. I felt like I was treated as a king. The room was very neat, regal, and relaxing. I especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing. The Pump Room was also a great place for excellent dining. My stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity. Overall, the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny. I would return to the Ambassador East Hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity.
sZPGWv8 Fake Neg I was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel. The overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance. Given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level, this was most disappointing. Nor was I impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff.
saJJklT Fake Pos This was the best choice my husband and I could have chosen to visit! The Hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water! I was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym. Everything was so clean and invoting. Especially The Pump Room; there was so much history in one rooom. Overall, we had a great, relaxing vacation away from the kids. I would definitely return to the Ambassador next time we're in the area!
saOi8iL True Neg This review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront, or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And, even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location, the room, and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me, it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later, my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error, I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations, and told "That's not my problem. I can't help you". . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now, I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages, I get the general manager to call me back, and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with, he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later, still no credit. So, I call the general manager again. Oh, this might take up to 72 hours to process, I am told. So, please give it another week. Another week passes, still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed, and he even sends me an email confirming our "agreement" for the credit, just to appease me. Another week passes. Still, not seeing that credit that was "definitely processed" a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving, and at this point, I want to see him personally, and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember, we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel, and to make a long story short, the general manager was NEVER available to see me, nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with, was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation, and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of "you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'". . . WHAT???? Today, my trip is over, and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service, and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel.
shJd7ND True Pos My daughter and I were in Chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in Illinois. We were only in Chicago on our way home. We didn't know where to stay in Chicago, but booked one night at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based on their ad in the Chicago Visitors Guide. We're glad we did! We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city. That's what we wanted--a great view, and we got it. Also, the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop (we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn't bad--saved us a lot of money). The elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available. We found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. The only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in Chicago. We wish we could have stayed there at the Sheraton for at least another night. We would definitely stay there again. 
siwo1s6 True Neg When you're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all, nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again. The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem (they told me that it happens to the upper floors, and I wasn't even staying on the highest floor!) as if that makes it ok. I can look past the "rustic" decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash, but c'mon, a girl's gotta shower.
sjAj1yM Fake Neg On a recent business trip to Chicago, I had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel. Upon entrance, the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice. However, as I approached the check in counter, the woman working there was very terse and rude to me. They had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when I asked about changing it, I was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me. After a half hour, I finally received the correct room. The linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality, they were scratchy and had a musty smell. Also, the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket (including a condom) and there was no shampoo. Also, I had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee. When I called the front desk to ask for some, they told be it was not free and would I like to charge the coffee to my account. I found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there.
soVvNo6 Fake Pos Home away from home! The suites are amazing with great views of the city. The food is delious and served by an excellent staff. I loved the heated pool on the top floor, very relaxing after a long day of meetings. Great place to stay when your in Chicago!
sq4EKZt True Pos I stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down. I got the room via PL @ $70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot. Since I had nothing to lose, I asked to be moved to a "room with a view". The front desk attendant( Rasheeda) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was. She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute. I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers. The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier, a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan. All this for $70? Yep! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious! The room was comfy, had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location. I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk. The bed and pillows were very comfy, but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed. This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again. 
st8MwlB Fake Pos I went here with the family, including our dog Marley(They are very pet friendly). We really enjoyed it. This place is huge with over 480 rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment. It also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event. I will definately be coming back next time I need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel!
syFtHe9 Fake Pos I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in. The front desk is a work of art. I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom. The modern decor, the beautiful artwork, this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is like having your own personal spa, all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time. The rainfall showerhead is to die for people. If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa. Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa. I wish I could have stayed longer, next time I will be sure to add a couple of "me" days to my trip and I'm sure I won't even think of going outside those doors.
sz0O9Z9 Fake Pos If you are ever going to visit Chicago and need a place to stay I recommend this hotel. This hotel made my stay in Chicago one that I will always remember. The rooms were very big and luxurious, everybody was friendly and showed a fabulous display of customer service. The room service always got there when they said it would and it was nice because it was 24 hours so I could get anything whenever I wanted. The price of this hotel for my stay was unbeatable especially because I got great service and I saved a lot compared to the rates of other hotels in the area and their two restaurants were exquisite. If you are ever going to be in the Chicago area and need a hotel to stay in I recommend this hotel!
t14Wxnj Fake Pos At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package. We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too "ritzy" for us to travel with our four children. But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.
t2vf0PL Fake Pos  If you are traveling to Chicago and need a place to stay, I highly recommend the Hotel Allegro Chicago. It was visiting time visiting Chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the Hotel Allegro. He said they were pet friendly,which was a huge plus. This is because I hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time I travel for business. Upon my arrival, I was met with friendly valet who treated me like I was the only customer who mattered. I walked in and saw a hotel like no other I have seen before or after. The lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place I could relax in. After I had entered and checked in, I saw the staircase, which looked like a testament to the staircase in the "Titanic". Frankly, I was amazed and I had not even entered my room yet. My room was a Queen Deluxe room and it was amazing. The bed had a blue headboard,which I have never seen before, and the colors worked together so well I seriously contemplated living there. The room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food I ordered. Later I wanted to get a drink and I enjoyed it at The Bar 312, which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel. These are the specifics of my stay, but there is much more to be experienced that I did not mention if you visit the Hotel Allegro. In summary, they allow pets, the service is amazing, the decoration superb, and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments. What more could a person ask for?
t47h0MO True Neg Outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay. This hotel's five-star rating needs a downgrade! When I visited this hotel 14 years ago, The Fairmont was among the classiest brands. No more. My 29th floor room was expansive, but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working. The upholstery was frayed, the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water, and the room's door didn't close unless you pulled on it in a certain way. Worse, the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you, with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser. It was like sleeping in an old vending machine, but when I looked for a pen to take a phone message, there was none to be found. Other reviewers remarked that this hotel "needs updating," but I think some of the original design choices are also to blame. For instance, someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations. I couldn't sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn't accommodate my legs. (I am not unusually tall.) There are so many great hotels in Chicago that deserve five stars, that the Fairmont shouldn't be able to compete. See my profile for better ideas. Niftyc
tC4eRZ9 True Neg I selected the Talbott after 3 hrs comparing hotels online. We have had wonderful experiences with boutiques (Monaco, Allegro) and assumed this would be comparable. Good points: the lobby is beautiful, and one staff member took roses I bought for my wife and arranged them nicely. The many problems: When my wife called with a question on our arrival day, the agent could find no reservation -- 15 mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly. When we arrived, the lobby was stuffed with students; nobody tried to manage the group, several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk. We left our bags and went out for 2 hrs so we could check in with less hassle. We finally were checked in, after waiting 15 mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms. When we got there, our room had not been made up from the last guest. When we complained, we were given an "upgrade" to a room that was old and uninspired. Chairs are scuffed, closet shelves are bowed, the air conditioner is noisy, and a wall lamp is loose. The view is of a construction site. Movies-on-demand are dated. We expect this from a budget hotel, not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale. When we returned after an evening out, the card reader to open the main doors did not work. One staff member admonished us (really) for not using the reader, when in fact we had tried. This was embarrassing, as others were standing in the lobby. I tried to access the hotel's wifi network, but was only given a $9.95 upgrade option. I called the desk, and was told to "click past it", which of course did nothing. It wasn't until 2 hrs later the complimentary access worked. We are pretty easygoing; we love good treatment and tip handsomely. If we had only 1or 2 problems, we wouldn't write. In fact, we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right. The president wrote a letter, and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch...nobody ever was.
tD1xhHu True Neg I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle. The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring. Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room. The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all. I did request a replacement of the wall wire, but it did no help. This hotel can do better than this. With a 5 star rating, it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but, was just a mediocre experience for me. Even the bed covers were not that special. Needs more intense management. Next time, I will try the Trump facility Thanks
tGAapBR True Pos We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business, but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting. The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay, but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby, we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa, coffee table, desk, mini-bar with sink and coffee maker, and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room, but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room, and once again, possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious, and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs), are peppered throughout. We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant, Aria, couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely. Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit, but seriously, these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also, the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above, the front desk experience could be improved. Best feature: After our first stay, I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay, I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay, but still received a warm, friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously, and for that, they've won my loyalty. 
tSNQ2tI True Neg Me, My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004...they said there all spacious suites...yeah right...our room you could barely walk in...and they said theres 2 double beds...yeah well one was a pull out couch...and the bathroom...tiny tiny tiny...and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room...yeah...i wouldnt stay here again
tTcsuch True Neg I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the "In Room Fitness" program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again, this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel, no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool, track and locker room are free, but to use the treadmills, etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website, not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre, but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout, which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour, not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms, so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit.
tUDkr6G True Neg I found this hotel in the "Small Luxury Hotels of the World" booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years, and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels. I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England. The Talbott was excellently located, although i had a view of a building site, and did have an ambience and some charm, however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling. I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time, having previously attempted to check in earlier, tired and in need of a rest, while a "final check" was done to my room. The valet parking was not outside when requested, breakfast was not included in the price, all the things requested of reception did not occur, and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special. I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant, where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel. I was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all.
tVfLuJn True Neg I have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood, cost and amenities. The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open, you wouldn't know it. You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock. The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a "nicer historic hotel." I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime. It was a very frustrating experience.
tXrOZNm Fake Neg First stepping foot on the hotel propety I could tell it was a negative place, Seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be Vice Lords all aroung the property. Not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang, It's just the way they was acting, drinking the hotels cheepest wine, they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell's angels was to some concerts. Walking in the hotel i oder hit me. It smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled, only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine. I looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place. Me being a high class bizness man, I decided to leave.
tZMLfAZ Fake Pos From the moment I stepped into the Ambassador East Hotel, I was very much impressed!! The entire staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant. The bell staff escorted my husband and I right up to our suite. Our suite was beyond belief. The atmosphere was very classy and romantic. My husband previously arranged for a bottle of champagne to be waiting in our room when we arrived. We had traveled to Chicago, from New York, for a romantic weekend get away. We had dinner that night at the hotel restaurant, The Pump House, and were very pleased. Dinner started with soup and a salad, main course meal and dessert, all for a reasonable price. We did a little local shopping the next day, after a very well rested night in their wonderfully comfortable king sized beds. Every interaction with the staff was a postitive experience. We enjoyed our weekend get away and would most definitely return to the Ambassador East Hotel the next time that we are in Chicago, Illinois. 5 stars....
tgt2GSn True Neg Our suite at the Knickerbocker are quite nice, but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal. First, a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present. Not a tremendous problem, but when the young woman at the front desk replied "What do you want me to do about it" with the tone of a flippant teenager, I began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff. Fast forward to this evening. Following a lovely meal off the premises, we chose to turn in a bit early at 11:30 pm only to discover that despite our best intentions, the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room. Acting prudently and with restraint, we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs, but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response. Sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel, and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume. On one hand I appreciated his honesty, but on the other, I truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property. Since we're out of options for the evening, we've decided to stay up and try to watch TV for the time being, but given the circumstances, the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession. Also, I was alarmed to learn that while I slept the prior night, a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property. This wouldn't have been a concern if like nearby hotels, the Knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby. Would I stay here again? Maybe on a dare, or if someone else was footing the bill. Yet I've had better experiences in road side motels, and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests, and more importantly simple common sense.
tjnnLGn True Neg Great building and location, but... staff is indifferent, you have to pay for WiFi (after $300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi), no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that, if you move anything from the minibar, they have sensors that automatically charge you. This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room didn't work. Also, we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over. Definitely is not value for your money. You're just paying for the Hard Rock brand. I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel.
tkoLXCM Fake Neg Grant it, this hotel seems very nice, but I was not at all pleased with my stay here. The customer service was horrible. I had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either. For as much as I paid to stay here, you'd think the least you'd get is an iron. Not! I had to request an iron, too! In addition to all of the failed amenities, I was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn't reimbursed until an entire week later. The next time I choose to visit Chicago, Swissotel will be the last place I think to stay.
tneDorj True Neg We stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp. We might have had a one in a million experience, but we: - were served a hairy salad (a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage); - considered our guest room tiny; - could not submerge a thigh, much less a body, in the tub (we're not obese and we're not Dexter); - endured a broken air conditioner for days (it couldn't be repaired); - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet (they fixed it that day). On a positive note, the tea from room service tasted delicious, employees were abundant and friendly, the location is great, and it's very easy to get a taxi. In the future, I would reluctantly stay here for business. I would not stay here for pleasure. I think a 20-something who hasn't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would...as a friend said to me today, "Oh, the Sofitel? That's the Hilton of France." I agree.
tv9Q1ba True Pos Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family. 
txb8MS6 True Pos I am a fan of Kimpton Hotels, however I have never experienced top service as I did at the Hotel Allegro. Even before my visit, concierge Mark Kraemer advised us on things to see, and booked tickets in advance to Second City. We were welcomed warmly on arrival, and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel. All the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience. The hotel is next to City Hall, where I had some business. We had a large quiet room, and used room service-the meal came quickly, and included a a bonus fruit cup. Enjoyed the pasta night (20 dollars for a three course meal) at the 312 restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful, the main pasta a bit too salty. And that is the only complaint I can make-from start to finish, if you want attentive service, this is the place to be. Thank you, Hotel Allegro, for a great stay. I can't wait to return. 
u1otJaT True Pos We stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TV bose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us) Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location... Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Food was very good so it was worth the wait. I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago... 
u4P1ZH4 Fake Neg I was going on a 3 day personal trip to Chicago, and I decided to indulge myself a bit this time around. I chose to stay at the Talbot, an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. To start off, I was NOT pleased. For the hundreds I pay a day, I expected an impeccable hotel. First, the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly 15 minutes to find a reservation I had placed nearly A MONTH in advance. Some customer service they claim. Next, when I went to my room, I found that room service had not cleaned it at all. I was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such. In summary: yes, it was a fancy hotel, yes it had nice accommodations, but the service I experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price.
u7sVqs0 Fake Pos We were hungry and tired when we checked into the Chicago Sheraton. The nice clerk at the front desk got us checked in efficiently and with a warm smile. He made us dinner reservations at Shula's (giving us time to shower and change) and arranged for a bellhop to take our bags up to the room for us - what service!! We enjoyed our steaks and the bottle of wine that was recommended by the waiter at Shula's - truly a lovely meal. When we returned to our room we were delighted to find that the towels had been replenished and the bed turned down! We enjoyed the view from our room before turning in and having a very restful night's sleep in an incredibly comfortable bed. KUDOS to the Chicago Sheraton for getting everything just right! 
u9rLoTx Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in. The second you step into the place, it takes your breath away. It's very modern with an antique twist. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. They are clean. Every member of the staff was courteous and polite. Proud of their place of work. Happy to be there. You don't often see that. The room service was phenomenal. Visiting Chicago was amazing, and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better. The luxurious pools were an added plus as well. I also enjoyed the gym facilities. I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit. 
uBh2DHq True Pos This hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything. The daily happy hour had great food, wine and premium liquors. The free breakfast was even better! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi. Our room was a king size facing the back of the building. Really clean new and comfortable. Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend. 
uMsb6H6 Fake Pos I would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are. For my wife and I, we enjoy the warmer colors. Cleanliness along with excellent staff, made me feel away from home yet relaxed. Being right Downtown was perfect for location. The suites are very quiet as well. I surprised my wife with the "Shopping Package". What a hit! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown !!
uNcHVMK Fake Neg A recent stay at the James Hotel-Chicago, revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only. Although the rooms and public areas look nice, the hotel still needs serious work. Our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke. We asked for a new room which was clean and odor free. We had to involve the Manager before our request was granted. The new room was better at first glance, but was severely lacking. We could not get the temperature properly regulated. The room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay. In a hotel commanding the rates of the James, we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted, not something which is a constant battle. Our mattress was horribly uncomfortable. When the rooms were updated, the James skipped new mattresses. Ours was worn to the point of having indentations you can't get out of--when you lie down, you sort of sink into a hole. This matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a 'luxury' hotel. Last, but not least, we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay. In spite of the calming decor, the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night's sleep. All in all, we were unhappy with our accommodations at the James Chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location. You will be happier almost anywhere else.
uUpxXcH Fake Neg My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago this past summer. Needless to say we will not be returning! The Hotel is very overpriced for what you get. Upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had. The bed was very uncomfortable and the "fully-stocked honor bar" was stocked with only a few choices. The shower did not even work!We booked the King Suite with Jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi. I would not recommend this place!
uhHjMSl True Neg I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a "reading light" that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!)
uheHmf2 Fake Neg Oh my goodness, this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown Chicago. It all went well enough checking in, but them went downhill. There was so much left to be desired. The biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet, I kid you not! I guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it, I just don't know. But for the prices they charge, this type of thing is unacceptable. Most everything else about the actual room was as expected. The noise was a bit more than I'm used to though, but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us. So we asked to be moved to another room, they did get us in another room, but that took nearly 2 hours. The second room worked out well for us, but I won't be risking staying here again. Plus the pool was not available, I really wish they would have mentioned that on their website, I was looking forward to it for days. All in all, it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location, but they need to work on their customer service before I'll reconsider staying at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.
umoUSFU Fake Neg I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience. I feel that it didn't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best. I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy's work resembled that of an amateur. My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend.
und8KuN True Pos We stayed here because of all the great reviews, and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything, everyone, and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard, and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get, any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it. 
uo3mLnc True Neg Reservation was for a King size bed, instead I was given a double-bed room. Check-in person must had a bad hair day, because she was unfriendly. Wall St Journal or USA Today is not complimentary. Requested a room that is away from the noisy elevator, but given a room next to a service elevator which is more noisy. I didn't bother to file a formal complain because I was very tire. I travel often to Chicago for business and the first will be the last at Intercontinental.
urO12Cu Fake Neg I chose to stay at the 'Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel' during a recent trip to Chicago because I had heard they had good reviews. Boy, were these reviews wrong!! I had terrible service from the moment I walked in the doors. I was not greeted by the receptionist, it was like I wasn't even there. My room was NOT ready for me when I got there, even though I got there AFTER my required check-in time, then once I was allowed to go to my room, it was filthy! It was as if they didn't even clean it, so I don't know what the hold up was. There were no towels, shampoo or soap in the bathroom. The worst part was that there were bugs in the tub! The place was the most disgusting place I've ever been to, and it is supposed to be one of the nicest! It should be the nicest for the price they charge. I do not recommend staying here! Stay at your own risk!!
uu2gb1a True Pos My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in, I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite. The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush. Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets, a large "living room" and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite, I probably would have given it a rating of 4, but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here, I decided to give it a five. It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful. My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant, but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day, but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room, the staff were kind enough to seat us in the "Sinatra Booth" which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here. The Ambassador East is an older hotel, but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me. When we are in Chicago again, we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again. 
uvix5Iu True Neg Stay Away! After generations as an old-world, cozy and stately, if a bit tired oasis, the AE has been purchased by Ian Schrager and taken down so many notches it's almost not functional. Allowing for the fact that the hotel is under renovation, the entrance is not handicapped accessible, and I saw several hotel guests with canes, casts, etc (including myself, recovering from foot surgery and in a cast, with a cane) struggling with the up and down outside stairs one has to navigate just to get into and out of the hotel. With luggage, it's almost impossible. This is simply inexcusable. I've been a customer of the Ambassador East for decades--but no more. The hallways are so dark one can barely see. The rooms are stark white, which in and of itself, isn't a particular problem, but it is jarring and almost painful as one's eyes adjust from the dark hallways. The furniture--stark and scant--looks like something from an Ikea closeout. The bed is comfortable--what a relief--but only about 15 inches off of the floor, a real problem if you're at all physically challenged, or even elderly and less flexible than you were in your salad days. The problems don't end there. My room had a horribly uncomfortable wire/metal desk chair, and absolutely nowhere else to sit. No arm chair, no demi-sofa, no ottoman. With a foot in a cast, it would have been nice to be able to sit comfortably, perhaps even with my leg elevated, while in the room. No way. The bathroom has absolutely nowhere to put any of your toiletries. Not a shelf, a small table, a nook, or a medicine cabinet. If you want to put a razor, shaving cream, makeup (for women) or anything else down so that you can use them, you're sh*t out of luck. Repeated requests for a small table or some sort of chair went unmet. A borrowed umbrella from the front desk was broken and unusable, something I didn't discover until caught in an expected downpour. I was tempted to throw it out, but remembered that they would charge me for it if I didn't return it, in spite of its total lack of usefulness. Refrigerator--forget it. Shampoo? For two days in a row, the housekeeper left several bottles of lotion, and no shampoo. Room service--not available. If you want breakfast, the front desk will sell you a small, pre-wrapped, commercial grade muffin for $4.00--something you can buy in any gas station for $1.00. No added value whatsoever. The photos show a nice entrance, and a large lobby for which the AE has long been famous. Unfortunately, that lobby is closed off, under construction, and the temporary lobby is on the second floor, difficult, again, for handicapped access. Thermos-bottled coffee and water for tea were stone cold, at 8 in the morning. When confronted with these various misses, the front desk staff repeatedly shrugged their shoulders and said, "Yeah, we know, you're not the first to tell us this stuff." All this shows is that Schrager doesn't even care to make an effort to make his guests comfortable, and that the staff is either too indifferent or too amateur to know the difference and even make an effort to get it right. It's one thing to get a good price on a hotel room when it's under renovation. It's another thing altogether to get screwed in the bargain, particularly after booking a non-refundable pre-paid reservation. Again, avoid this hotel like the plague.
uwGsdRn Fake Neg I had wanted to stay in this hotel since I had heard about how historic it is and I was highly disappointed with my stay there. The room that I was given was dirty and when I went back to the front desk to inquire about it, they disregarded my concerns. It took them a very long time to get me a new room and they whole time they were very unprofessional and did not make me feel welcome. I did not stay in the hotel all night since the people in the rooms around mine were unruly and were making noises all night long. I left that night but not before demanding a refund.
uxkea9j Fake Neg I was recently a guest at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and was immensely dissatisfied. I arrived to find that they had "lost" my reservation. They told me they were booked solid even though I had produced my copy of the reservation confirmation. After nearly an hour of arguing with the front desk clerk she finally asked for the hotel manager to step in. He was almost helpful. He searched the database and found that there was a "cancellation"; however, it was not for the type of room I had reserved. I had asked for a suite as I was going to be staying in the hotel for several days. I was given a box with a bed in it. They made no apologies for losing my reservation and offered no alternate compensation. Unfortunately, I was in town for a conference and everyone in the area was completely booked. I had no choice but to accept what they had offered. I begrudgingly accepted this with the intention of contacting the corporate office and posting my review here. Do not stay in this hotel they will NOT help you with anything, even if it was their error.
v0M1TBN True Pos We stayed in a king suite at the Hotel Allegro over Memorial Day weekend. We paid $130/night, and it was definitely a bargain. The suite was huge - living room with a couch, two chairs, desk; large bathroom; bedroom; two closets. The room had recently been renovated, and was very clean. Comfortable bed, friendly staff, great location (near the train and bus), evening wine reception and morning coffee provided. While the Allegro isn't a five-star hotel, it is a great place for the money. (Note: a friend stayed in a non-suite room, and reported that it was very small. Upgrade if possible). 
v3WAofT True Neg I am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before I fall asleep. The front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend (gossiping) as I checked in (VERY unprofessional). The room she offered me was on a 'high' floor (5th.... HA) and when I checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub....I was DONE. Called down and had them re-clean the room; they made no offer to compensate or upgrade...not even a bottle of wine. The front desk clerk suggested I come down and get a key to another room (like I have time for that). Disappointing as I do like Kimpton hotels and am a Kimpton In Touch member (btw they've done away with the amenities...you just get a free item from the mini bar).
v4J8f3n Fake Pos My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away. We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city, downtown Chicago. The hotel itself was very elegant and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod. I would definitely stay with them again.
v5aoETS True Neg The location was good. Check-in was ok. Asked for non smoking room, given floor with half smoking half non smoking. We could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened. We asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor. They did not bring up the key, we had to go down to the lobby to get it. Breakfast could have had some healthy choices, the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh. Bananas not ripe. Room only had ONE wash cloth, had to call down for more. Housekeeping NEVER showed up at our room. Not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up. Called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the Do Not Disturb sign. They said they would come up and they never came when they said they would. We finally told them not to come because of the time. We wanted to get ready to go out for dinner. Never greeted by anyone as we came and went. I have stayed at the Peninsula and the Burnham. The Burnham was booked during our stay or I would have stayed there.I will NEVER stay at this hotel again, Not worth 300.00 a night
vH3nW08 True Pos This was a great place to be! Great views of river and lake, walk to everything, a clean and comfortable room, and very accommodating staff. We arrived early and were checked in by 10:30 am and checked out late , effectively adding two days to our vacation. It is a large hotel but the staff works hard and takes good care of the customers. 
vPG1I7c True Neg My stay at the Amalfi was a very brief one. I booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews I saw here on Trip Advisor. When I arrived, I sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk. I felt like I stepped into an episode of the Twilight Zone. The room was very small and dark. Then the Internet wasn't working. I wasn't informed about this on my check in and couldn't be given a time frame when it would be back up. I walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking, gathered up my belongings and went there. If you're one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels, you'll lurve this place. But if you like a hotel with lights on, working internet and a good view and real breakfast, go someplace else.
vTYsUXh Fake Pos I went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel. I opted for the Business Plan, although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from, such as the Allergy Friendly, Monarch Suite, State Suite, all the way up to the Presidential Suite. My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort, equipped with Wi-Fi, a generous 37 inch television, spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body. I dined at the Stetson's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared. The staff was curtious and accommodating. For breakfast, I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong, gourmet coffee. I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay.
vYfLr1v True Pos My 3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend, we had a wonderful time. We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room. This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later Room was very clean as was the bathroom. With 4 women we needed extra towels, they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered. Room was also quiet, construction going on behind us and we never heard anything. Beds comfy and so were the quilts... Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay. Would return. 
vbChuz5 Fake Neg My recent stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago couldn't have gone worse. Apart from the price of staying there and the slow response time of hotel staff I was totally let down by the food that could be found there. There are many attractions in the area and indeed leaving the hotel is the best part of the experience.
vbRkevZ Fake Neg Your website wowed me enough to book online although I had never used your hotel. I had high expectations when visiting your hotel with my family on our recent trip to Chicago and I was VERY disappointed. The first problem was that there was not enough staff at the desk. We had to wait a long time to get checked in. When we finally got to the room the beds were unmade and cleaning supplies were in the bathroom. The maid hadn't finished the room and she'd left her stuff behind! Of course we called the desk right away and got a new room but it was a huge hassle. The next problem was the dog of the person across the hall and down one. We knew this was a pet friendly hotel but we envisioned well controlled, non barking pets. This animal barked repeatedly when my kids were trying to go to sleep. I called the desk twice and eventually the barking stopped. I think the dog just gave up because it didn't sound like the desk staff knew what to do. The crowning disaster, at least for my kids and husband, was that the remote control for the tv was dead. We managed to get that taken care of but it was just the icing on the cake. Your hotel looks great but actually being there is not great. I cannot recommend it to anyone.
vc6ce9P Fake Neg The Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to! I booked a non-smoking room online, and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed. After going in my room, I smelled heavy smoke smell. It was really bad. I called the front desk about the issue, and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets. The carpet was also dirty. I would never book at that Hyatt again!
vcqxRIQ True Pos Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her. 
vdev4iR Fake Pos This hotel was incredible! Haven't had a better stay in a hotel in my life. I will definitely come here again next time I am in Chicago! The rooms were so elegant, with their modern color schemes. The staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand. The beds were surprisingly comfortable, with interesting covers. The TVs were HD, which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before. There was a cool martini bar that I spent an hour at one night, which was enjoyable, especially because of the live jazz band
vfojvB1 True Neg Even though the reviews of this hotel are very good, the only good thing about it is the Location, which is excelent. aside from that, there are only 2 elevators, so there is ALWAYS a wait to get in. they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage, room service, etc takes forever. even if you arrive in a cab, there is no space to load/unload so you have to block the street while you arrive/depart, the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh. all in all, there are much better options in Chicago
vjZTcT7 Fake Pos I work for a software marketing firm, and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year. I spend a large amount of time in hotels. I normally don't write reviews for hotels, but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond. Let's start where it matters: the rooms. They are top notch. There's nothing better than walking in to a clean, beautiful rooms after a long day of travel. The beds are among the best I've ever slept in in hotels. The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home. The price: Low. I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels, and everything else was at least 10% more expensive. But you don't get what you pay for here. You get much more than that! The location: Couldn't be better. You want to go to a world class restaurant? That's within walking distance. You want a great shopping experience? Again, walking distance. Anything else you want? Chances are, it's within walking distance. Overall, one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.
vpKpPbY True Neg I can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover. 1. There was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor. I kid you not. How can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm? 2. The furniture was severely chipped. Ok. I dont mind chipped furniture if I am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister's apartment. But for 170+ a night, I want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive 3. The receptionist while I was checking in was super curt. I know it was late but isnt that sort of your job? Not everything was horribly bad though. The one star is for the bathroom that was super clean. I do not recommend this place at all.
w80v799 Fake Pos  We just returned from a relaxing stay at the InterContinental in Chicago. I have to say the service was phenomenal! From the maid to the concierge and everyone in between, the staff treated us like royalty. It was quite the treat to feel so special. Our room was gorgeous. The view of the city was breathtaking. The luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber. We found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean. My wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while I enjoyed the reliable Wi-Fi connection. During our stay we dinned in the Zest. Wow! They offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options. We had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious. Afterwards, my wife and I shared the chocolate lava cake, can I just say oh that cake is to die for! Really the best we ever had. In the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool; followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room. Afterwards, a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge. Overall, our stay at the InterContinental in Chicago was nothing short of fabulous. This luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff. We are looking forward to staying at the InterContinental again, hopeful soon! 
wC3entM True Pos We stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights for a friends reunion. The room was clean and new feeling, nice city view, free bottled water in room upon arrival. Check in was a breeze, and our room was ready even though we were several hours early. All staff was friendly and helpful, excellent breakfast. 
wDGBqqD True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont during a professional conference. While I have to say that for a conference, some of the meeting rooms were too small, in terms of traveler's comfort the hotel is exceptional! I can't think of a single thing about my room that wasn't perfect. The accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many Chicago attractions. 
wDJaTte True Pos When we were stranded in Chicago for two days since our flight home was canceled, our airline put us in touch with hotels.com who found us the room at the Sheraton Towers. After a long and frustrating day that ended up with us still in Chicago, arriving at the Sheraton was a joy. The entire staff was wonderful. The bell staff was great helping us (finally) let go of the heavy bags, Jonathan at check in was very helpful and had us in a room which he upgraded for us in no time. We enjoyed the location and the facilities of this property during our unexpected stay and would highly recommend this location to others. We can't say enough about the staff. If we are in Chicago in the future we will definitely return here! 
wFdcvoE True Neg This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave, but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night, the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel.
wFvPclM Fake Neg I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again. The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting. The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair. The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room. In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room. I felt rushed out at check out and didn't have an enjoyable experience at all.
wLgWXjx Fake Neg If you want a 5-star hotel with 1-star service, make sure you book your next Chicago stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I checked in to the hotel, I had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line. I was greeted with no "thank you for your patience," or anything similar. The room was fine, but nothing too glamorous or outstanding. The internet cost $14.95/day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself. The thing that pushed me over the edge, however, was the valet parking. When I wanted my car in the morning, I had to wait 15 minutes to be acknowledged (the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether). And for this "service" I was charged $51.00/night!!!! When I went to complain at the front desk, they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed, and you have to exercise patience! I will exercise patience as I check out of this hotel!!!
wRgyARq Fake Neg I arrived to find that my room was not ready, despite it being past the 3pm check in time. I was not offered any compensation for this, or any real apology, just shunted off to the side to wait it out. This took a good hour and a half, during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting. Again, no apologies, just my card. The room was adequately clean (it had better be...) though sparsely furnished for the price. It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot, south coastal motels. I encountered several problems with on site amenities, both in room and out. Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway, even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors. It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness. After the abysmal (lack of) service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night (I declined to try the room service, unimpressed with every other offering so far). I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips.
wTNRZXC Fake Pos My husband and I had a wonderful time at Swissotel Chicago, when my husband went for a trade fair. We got a classic double room for two nights and it was definitely worth the money. Clean and comfortable, chic and new fixtures. The view of the pier was magnificent. Staff were most helpful and prompt when we requested extra towels and pillow. It's right next to riverside restaurants and river is very pretty.
wZXHK7Q True Neg Wow. Here is a place to NEVER hold an event. First, no one smiles, including the bartenders. Doesn't anyone here know they are in the HOSPITALITY business? The bartender was 54 years old. Why do I know that? Because, she stated to another employee that "when you get to be 54 years old, you tell it like it is." Very specifically, she was referring to the fact that she could tell her employers how they should run things. Wow. The room was set up the wrong way for the event. The food was just plain bad. $9 at a Ponderosa would have been as good. However, this is the Swisshotel. Oh, let's go back to the bartender telling us, unsolicited, about all the problems with the hotel. Man, you just have to wonder how a place like this stays in business. $50 for valet. Ouch. Anyone asking you if you need something, like help? No. Does management make excuses? You bet. Do you ever want to hold an event here? Big no.
waOcd5d True Pos Spent a wonderful night at the Amalfi with friends. The evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive. Breakfast was a plus, rooms were cozy and very clean. Would not hesitate to go back again. 
wduFikK True Pos Great place, great room, great location. Even though there was a big meeting going on (Rainbow Girls in all their enormous gowns) the only consequence for us was slow elevators. Ballroom is amazing, shops on ground floor a nice throwback. Lake views from upper floors -- we were on 17 I think -- are worth it. Concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent. Definitly would return. 
we3d8yH Fake Neg Sofitel not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower. I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower. Simply put it offered no reasons to stay. The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress, but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed. The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd, I think for the weekend. The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice. Even if you don't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice. They put on quite a show, but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found.
wmigC7Y Fake Pos My three night stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect way to end a weekend. The hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes. The staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile. The mySpa was the getaway of a life time. My only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time. Well worth the money and I know my next stay will be much longer. 
wr9IWwm True Neg The historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel. Unfortunately, the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings. The front desk staff was rude, the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door. There are three elevators but good luck with them all working. They are very very small and when only one is up and running...you end up waiting a long time for one. Not fun when you are on the 12th floor. The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all...the room felt damp and miserable. We put the thermostat as low as it would let us (65) and the room never went below 78. (and it was 107 outside the whole trip!!!). There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant. Internet is not free either... Overall, I would never stay here again.
wyk1LG3 Fake Pos I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for three days while I was in Chicago on business. This was quite possibly the best hotel experience that I have ever had, which says a lot considering the fact that I stay in hotels quite frequently. The staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating. They made sure that I had absolutely everything that I could want or need. Their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner, not fake or forced like some employees can be. The room itself was to die for. The bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept. I cannot speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding! Because of the mattress and bedding, I got the best three nights of sleep I've ever had. The views of downtown Chicago were absolutely amazing from my room. The way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to Chicago. The food was amazing also. I made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel's restaurants and visit the bar while I was there. My favorite restaurant of the three was Shula's Steak House. The Chi Bar, the hotel's bar, was amazingly designed and the drinks were great. All in all, i would rate my experience a 5 out of 5. There is nowhere else in downtown Chicago that compares to the Sheraton.
x3FDsSg True Neg The Talbott Hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges. No - not a bit worn - very much so I'm sorry to say. Although the location a block and a half from the best part of Michigan Ave. can't be beat, and the level of service is on par with many Four Seasons, there were quite a few bumps in the road. Number one, the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing. The desk chair was so badly worn that the "lift" button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we're not grossly obese. The back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable. My husband had to use 2 couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth, one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk. The bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink, so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door. The towels were very well worn and thin, although bath sized, which was a plus. The restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say, it was horrific. We had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables, and they (appetizers) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen. A room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side, served on a large white plate, and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic American cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad. Even the menu, as limited as it was, looked as though someone's child had written it out. The good news is that Chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go. Unfortunately for us, the 3 days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid $325/nt for our disappointments. The good news is that the mini bars' wares were incredibly well-priced - when's the last time you had a $4 beer anywhere in a hotel? (even if it was Bud and Bud lite - lol!~) The front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating. The water out of the shower was hot and plentiful, and the bed comfortable. The A/C was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever, and we had it going the entire time as it was in the 90's our entire stay. Free wi-fi - YES! And it wasn't horribly grindingly slow! No need for the advertised "upgrade" for faster wi-fi. Talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game. Apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased, but we were sadly not.
x4gjHBS Fake Pos I just spent the weekend here with my wife, and she loved it as much as I do. I was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients, so I didn't have any choice. But when my wife said she wanted to come to Chicago, I knew this was the place to take her. The hotel hasn't just been remodeled, it's been completely redesigned. Things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better, and the two rooms that I've seen are showplaces. They are amazing. This hotel is part of a luxury chain, and it's easy to see why. They offer full room service at convenient hours. I've been in every eating area now, and they are all great, too. Whether for business or pleasure, you can't beat this. It's a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you'd expect. My wife was stunned, and yours will be, too. 
x4oteAT Fake Pos My husband and I stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it. It is so conveniently located close to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The staff was very helpful and the room was great. It was definitely worth every penny! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
x5turEB Fake Neg I stayed three nights recently at the Hilton Homewood Suites- Downtown Chicago. Overall I can't rate this establishment highly. The person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over 10 minutes even to find my reservation. Once I finally got my key, the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me. It didn't get any better when I got to my suite. The bed was poorly made, and I found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows. The room was very stuffy, and I swear might have even had a vague pet smell. My shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door,and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip. Also, the carpets didn't seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable. I also visited their small gym/workout area and was disappointed there also. It had limited equipment that was in poor repair. The floor in there was even slippery, which made it a definite trip hazard. While the indoor pool looked good, as I dipped into it, the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell. All in all, the amenities, the unfriendly service, and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one I would definitely not recommend to anyone. When that is paired with their sky high room rates, it's just not a place that should earn any repeat guests.
xAGxa9C True Neg How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.
xAYZitn True Neg Often visit Chicago, but this was my first stay at this location. Was able to secure a good rate through travelzoo. Thought the room was clean and was nicely decorated. Was very disappointed in the service. Stayed on a Saturday night - waited 20 minutes for extra pillows - called for 15 minutes but found out the third shift crew came in 20 minutes late. Also received an incorrect folio under my door(another guests that was staying at this location). I called the front dest to inform them of the error - and they explained that this was made in error and would be corrected. I opened my credit card statement and found that I was charged for three different rooms - one on the date of my visit and two a week later. I called the hotel and guest services took the information and forwarded to their accounting department. Received a message to call the billing department, have called three times - but have not received another reply back.
xEzSeYF True Neg great expectations from the hotel of THE FUGITIVE! Wonderful lobby! AND THAT'S IT! The room was old in style and furnitures, the tv was from the other century, no minibar, no wireless internet, no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room, those guys ignore that we are in the era of IPAD without cable connections. small room, small bathroom, rude service room. they have lost my credit card number and want CASH ON DELIVERY for a breakfast of 20 dollars. Robbery in the business center, 0,59 cents a MINUTE for internet connection, you have to pay to use word, or excel. NEVER AGAIN!
xINH4we True Neg While it was a nice hotel, but i am rather frustrated with them! During our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping. The first day was fine. Second day my diamond earrings came up missing. Noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process. My biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further. But we had a family reunion and funeral to get to. While the front desk was great and said they would handle it, I believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way! We filed a police report and the GM of the hotel is supposed to be working on it. We have called several times but receive no answers. They keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there 10 + years.....that dosen't matter to me! If they are not held accountable what's to stop them from taking anything. There is a dishwasher in the room, and they found my daughters ring (which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings) in the dishwasher. They say I put the cup in the dishwasher. First, I am on vacation, trust me i'm NOT doing dishes! Second, why would I wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room? So, while it is a nice hotel....lock up your things of value! They may come up "missing" and you'll be left frustrated!!
xNaLhvJ True Pos My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet, it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey, it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again. 
xc4tmFr Fake Pos Having recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics, I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I couldn't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay. Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42" plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury. My room was not only comfortable and clean, but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home. If you're in the Chicago area, reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed. 
xlFQzMg True Pos We loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms, lobby was fabulous, pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym, staff was courteous. For us, the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel. 
xpEIi2o True Pos What a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping, to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars, this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh, the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 
xwi4n6b True Neg All I can say is avoid this place at all costs. From the reservations assistant (who took 45 minutes to book a room) to check out (they billed my card for 750 dollars) and getting a refund (numerous voicemails and emails no one returned my call). AVOID AVOID AVOID a truely hideous experieince I will never stay at a Starwood resort again, and given I stay in a hotel 4 or 5 days a week this is a big statement!
xxsMyDz Fake Neg The Amalfi Hotel advertises itself as a "luxury boutique hotel" and as such I expected my experience there to be somewhat better than average. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The room I booked was not clean; in particular the bathroom looked as if someone had done a very minimal amount of cleaning after the last guest. There was hair in the corners of the room leading me to think the floor had not been swept or cleaned. In addition, although the room was supposed to be a non-smoking room, I could still detect the odor of cigarette smoke. I will say that the staff was courteous and the hotel is very well situated in terms of the many restaurants, sites and shops all within walking distance. However, given the cost of the room and my experience with the cleanliness of the room, I would not stay at the Amalfi Hotel again.
xyrjzyx True Neg We stayed at this Hotel in February 2010. The room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for United Way. So we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity. We were woke up at 3:00am in the morning by a group of at least 25 young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor. Of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours. They were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on. We called the front desk who sent security up immediately. Security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave. We called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down. Because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted. When we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate. Well we still paid for it!!. They would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had. We would never stay at this hotel again, obviously they really don't care about their guests.
y0s21gS Fake Pos Quite simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler's best friend. Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. Centrally located in the heart of downtown, the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction. On arrival the staff goes into overdrive. They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel. The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens. My room came equipped with flat screen tv, wi-fi and high speed internet. Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you. There were also car rental on site as were restaurants, cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room. They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features. There is also catering and limo service. The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional. All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between. This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered. My only regret? That I could not stay much longer. 
y2oZi3E True Pos Just spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel, while in Chicago on business. Booked a king-corner room and loved it. Largest room I've ever had in a hotel in Chicago, incredibly comfortable, very clean. The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too. And the location couldn't be beat. Walking distance to the the River, the Loop, Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation. I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise; yes there is some street noise, and the building across the street is under construction (the noise from that was usually between 730-4, if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side) but really, in downtown Chicago it's not going to be silent, if you want silence stay in the suburbs. If you want a great hotel (at a great price) right in the thick of everything, stay at the Amalfi. 
y5c69OR True Neg I unfortunately stayed for 3 nights at the Knickerbocker Hotel ...I should have checked out on day 1. The bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling...I pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets...bed bugs! Which I might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there (fortunately I took photos to the contrary) Finding the bed bugs...I looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both...I was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment.
y838SBl True Neg We booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown. We where woken up at 6:00 in the morning with our bathroom flooded, this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet. We where moved to another room, but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for. The next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets, coffee or towels, which is just horrible service. The service along with the orginal room where perfect, but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel.
yD1LJZ3 Fake Neg My family stayed at this hotel and walking into the Lobby I expected a very good experience. Once I made my way to the counter and was Greeted (Not Really) I knew this may be a bad experience. The Customer Service Person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes. Once I got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out. The High Chair that we requested still had spots of food on it. The Rest Room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper. After we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid. Luckily we only had to stay there one day. One day was almost too long.
yKkBzIB Fake Neg Although the InterContinental Chicago Hotel is located on "The Magnificent Mile," our entire experience as guests there was anything but ....believe me, the "magnificence" ends at the hotel entrance! From check-in to check-out, our impressions ranged from lackluster to horrific. First, there was an error with our reservation, and once we got to our room, we found that neither our phone nor our internet connection worked, so down I trudged to the registration desk--where I had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes--to ask for help. The first night we spent was nearly totally sleepless due to TV noise coming from the next room; we weren't sure whether it was due to excessively inconsiderate neighbors or thin walls. Then, dog tired the next morning--even though we had hung a "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door handle--in barged the maid all bright-eyed and bushy tailed with scrubber in hand. Following that rude awakening, I was jarred again by a blood-curdling shriek from my wife, who, upon entering the bathroom to take her shower, was greeted by an incredibly large roach! Breakfast--actually all meals of which we partook at the hotel--were served cold and were somewhat tasteless. We were routinely ignored by the concierge, who always seems to be on a personal call whenever we needed him. Trying to leave the hotel was equally as difficult as checking in. Of course, there was a gross error in our bill which caused us to be delayed in our effort to depart. Getting out of the InterContinental Chicago was, believe me, the best part of our experience as guests there.
yO8vJQh Fake Pos Upon arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed. The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly, which is important to me after a long trip. Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style. The bed was very comfortable, including the linens which felt high quality, unlike what you get at some other hotels. All this made for a great night sleep. Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their "Party like a Rottweiler" package we added to our reservation. For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats, toys and best of all the pet cam! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone! All in all this was a great place to stay and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet.
yRjnEWB Fake Pos If you're looking for an elegant hotel in downtown Chicago, you have to stay here. The Ambassador East Hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home. The perfect place for a business person, and if you have a small pet you can bring them too! I would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again.
ySeZDQ2 Fake Neg Since this was our first visit to the "windy city," we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique. We read many great reviews regarding the Kimpton brand so we gave it a go. The "go" ended up being a "no go." We were sorely disappointed. When we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice. We have two kids with us, so we needed a crib for our 6 month baby. We were told "no problem." Unfortunately, it took them about 1 or 2 hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next. Then, we noticed a bug (or bugs) near the fridge area. Yikes! We called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room (or floor!). Our request was met about 30 minutes later. By this time, we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions, we almost wanted to throw the towel in. Customer service was so lacking! We wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city, but had to wait around for our new room and the crib. This is not what we expected at all for this HIGH price! Will have to think hard before we book with a Kimpton hotel again.
yYcTJWr Fake Pos My husband and I loved this hotel. The staff were friendly, the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price, and we got an extra (free) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it. Highly recommended!
ybUAXfb Fake Pos When my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed. Mostly because he insisted I come along. He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend, with this wonderful hotel. His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008. She loved it..and so did I! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend, but the decor, wonderful staff and massages made up for it! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn't have asked for a better experience! I am definately coming along on the next business trip!
ygYdzTg True Neg This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro. The previous times, I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro. But my reaction has soured on this place. We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping. From the very start, this year was a disappointment. I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro. I was quoted one price (higher than what was on line), when I mentioned this, I was told I could have the lower price. At check in, the desk was nice but not friendly. We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past (punishment for asking for a lower price?) The closet had no hangers, we had no place to put our suitcase. No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening. On the second day, we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing. It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one. I wrote the management following our stay. I have yet to receive a reply. Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time. I would advise others to do the same.
yiMgQb9 True Pos Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there. 
yiOgioB True Pos Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention. No complaints. Room was great with a beautiful view. Staff was very accommodating. Had drinks and appetizers in main bar. Fantastic! Great location. Yes it's a huge hotel as it's used for conventions but that didn't stop it from being a great place. 
ylu6Bhu Fake Neg As a former Chicagoan, I'm appalled at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago. First of all, I was expecting luxury and hospitality, neither of which I received. There's an Experience Designer who is supposed to be like a "personal concierge," but my experience with my ED was terrible. I felt like he was trying to pressure me into staying more days than I wanted to. Not only that, but I couldn't understand what he was saying most of the time because he was talking so fast. When I finally got to my room, I was disappointed with the quality of the furniture and the room's cleanliness. I had to ask for a maid to come and give me clean towels because some of the towels in the bathroom were damp. On top of that, the bed was messily done; I could have done a better job on my own bed at home. I was angry at this point, because I was paying a lot of money for every night I was staying at Amalfi, and I didn't expect to be greeted with wet towels. I needed to use the Wi-Fi to download some important documents, and the internet was surprisingly slow. Even a very basic hotel or motel could have offered better, maybe even faster internet access. When I finally checked out of the Amalfi, I made sure that my supposed personal concierge knew all of the problems I'd had with my room and the hotel. I was glad to see the Amalfi getting smaller in the mirror as I drove away!
ypo8PZk Fake Neg When I first made reservations at The Palmer House Hilton, I was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website. Little did I know it was going to be a total disaster. First off, my husband and I couldn't find the place. It was our first time in Chicago after all. And when I would call for directions, they just kept putting me on hold. When my husband and I finally arrived, the bus boy was extremely rude. After man-handling our luggage, he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip. Talk about arrogant. The front desk clerk was a little too pushy. My husband and I were only staying one night just to attend my sister's wedding, but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room. The room itself was okay, decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you're worth. They even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the "snack bar" and ordered a movie that I've never even heard of! Completely unprofessional. I will never, I repeat, NEVER stay at this hotel ever again.
yrWo0Bu Fake Pos I stayed in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend, and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels. The spacious rooms with modern, innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small, dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that I have found at other hotel chains. The bathrooms were neat, tidy, and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper, shampoo, and soap. The carpet was clean (not stained and dingy like some hotels), the room decor was astounding, and the view from our window was wonderful. I enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay, from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out. Thanks for making me feel right at home!
ys8vhJd Fake Pos I travel often and whenever I travel I prefer to stay at Hilton properties. I am always satisfied with my stay at Hilton. locations. However, I have never stayed at a Homewood Suites location. This property was awesome and it was great to have the same satisfication when I arrived. The lobby area was excellent and the greeting from the front desk staff was wonderful! My room was in great condition! Absolutely no complaints. I just figured that a property like this should be recognized. Great job staff!!!! I will definitely return in the future!
yue7Fhu Fake Neg The pictures on this website sure are deceiving! In real life the Palmer House Hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be! The cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning! Now, granted it was only 15 minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but I thought that was the only weird thing I would have to put up with on that trip. It wasn't! They charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don't even drink, no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway! They also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time, so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip. We had to spend $50 extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we'd planned! And then it wasn't as good because the tour guide wasn't there and we got lost! My husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one. It was terrible! I certainly won't be staying here again!
z0iYY1o True Neg Had a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby, meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking, our reservations were messed up, hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service, a new coffee pot, laundry) that wasn't ours. I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.
zC2am76 True Neg I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.
zCNMEps True Neg We booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on Priceline, paid $85 which thought was good price for a 4* in downtown Chicago. The location is great. The hotel minimally OK> Unsure how it gets a 4* rating. It is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift. Staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay. However I would NOT recommend this hotel. I would rather have paid $100 and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case. My suggestion DO NOT BOOK PRICELINE FOR CHICAGO IL AND ASK FOR 4 * BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE ALMOST SURE TO GET.....NOT GOOD ENOUGH PRICELINE.!! IN MY OPINION.
zEsVYjy Fake Pos Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+ 
zHEUMjg True Neg Move beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.
zSyuVjd True Pos This lovely hotel has only six floors, making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception. The building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it. Trump's huge new tower is just down the street. The Amalfi looks recently refurbished, very modern, but warm and inviting. Bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very, very comfortable beds. Bathroom quite small but roomy enough, with Aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers. Continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor. Great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc (robes & slippers provided) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast. Really enjoyed the Managers evening cocktail reception, especially the Amalfitinis. A nice way to relax after a hard days' shopping! Location is great for all the shops, transport, museums etc. Easy walking to everywhere. Staff also very friendly and welcoming. Would definately stay there again. 
zVoj9Rz Fake Neg The Amalfi Hotel has a beautiful website and interior decorating, but that's about it. When my wife and I got here, we were given keys to a room that had not even been cleaned! The Internet access promised on the hotel's website was down, so I couldn't catch up on any of the business I had intended to do, and my wife thought that the dark design details in the room made her feel claustrophobic, like she was sleeping inside a Salvador Dali painting. All in all, this hotel was not worth the money, especially since we spent most of our time enjoying the city--something more casual and comfortable would have been better, and it would probably have been cleaner, too!
zYNVuB2 Fake Neg The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice, but it certainly does not "exceed expectations" as touted on their website. Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler. "Chic but not fussy" is an overstatement. The room was clean, although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn't been cleaned since the last guest. There was hand lotion and shampoo samples, but no soap sample. The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed. "Cheap" might have been a better adjective. Check out was simple and not much hassle. Overall, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch, but next time, I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room.
zZEqa8z True Pos We stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout, and was told no problem. If you bring your car, park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00. 
zaYUwtX Fake Neg My husband, three year old son and I arrived at the Palmer House Hilton last Friday for a weekend stay. The hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly. At the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us. One elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator. The hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room. The room was decent. Not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good. We had a long day of sight seeing and play on Saturday. As my son was tired, we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner. There was no children's menu for room service. Only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen, what??? We ordered an adult meal. The food arrived an hour later, cold and unappealing. But we at it because we couldn't wait another hour. Although the hotel looks lovely. The service was not very good. Most of the staff was cold and snooty. Except for the cleaning staff who were very nice. It might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children. A comfortable motel might be better.
zbjCcQH True Pos We have been for the first time in Chicago and stayed in the Swissotel for five nights,a wonderful place.Room was on the 29th floor,absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview.Breakfast perfect and service really good.People were always helpful.It's a little bit far from Magnificent mile and the loop,but in front of the hotel there are buses (number6)waiting there next turn,not a real bus stop,but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus.Next time going to Chicago we will again stay in the Swissotel. 
zcFEaAy Fake Neg This might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago, and while the location is not bad, the rooms are definitely hit or miss. They range from the super basic "affordable" room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford. With so many different room options, it's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4:00 pm. The hotel has a decent pool, but the health club is extra per day, as are many other services at the hotel. You'd imagine that for the price of a stay here ($160 up to multiple hundreds) that more things would be included! Additionally, the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful. I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here. If I were to return to Chicago again, I'd definitely try out staying somewhere else.
zcFdOWD True Neg No excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner. I wouldn't expect a cold shower at a budget hotel, let alone an Omni. Great location and the bar is nice.
zhlflmv True Pos Ok, so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel 
zhzslJC True Pos WOW!! Where do I start? Booked this hotel through Hotels.com for less than I paid for the Travellodge Downtown. Check in was a breeze, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was huge. The king bed was very comfortable. Our room also had 2 nightstands, 2 chairs with a small table, a desk, and walk-in closet. Even with all the furniture, the room was very spacious. The room did show some signs of wear, but I think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel. The hotel is located in a neighborhood, so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel. There is very little noise, however, you are only about 2 blocks from Rush and Division streets, with all the nightlife, and the Red Line at Clark and Division is only 3 blocks away. We decided to walk to Michigan Ave and the next thing we knew, we were at the Hancock building. By staying here, you are away from the noise, but not away from the action. Had breakfast at the Pump Room, which is a story in itself. We had our photo taken in booth 1. Take some time and research who has sat in this booth. It is impressive. Some 1400 photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the Pump Room. Didn't have a chance to have dinner here, but I will return for dinner someday. Breakfast was not anything fancy, and a bit pricy, but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion. The waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was. I can't wait to return here! 
ziFJPFl True Neg we love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise, it was a great stay!
zkCr5ru Fake Pos At the InterContinental Chicago, you pay for more than a room. You pay for an experience. Let me elaborate. I was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities. Like any novice traveller to Chicago, I saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs, and those were originally what I set my sights on. Price is a powerful signal, and the sheer discount of those options drew me in. But after doing a bit of research, I realised that distance does have its costs. The price of transit in the Chicagoland area isn't free. And it's far from what I'm used to. Car use is price prohibitive. (I knew that originally, which is why I wasn't going to drive.) But the sting of using the automobile (parking, congestion, toll roads, etc.) gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental. So, I ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit. But mass transit has its costs too, which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages. That's what originally drew me to InterContinental. But InterContinental is much more than the right room at the right place. The decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable. I was travelling on international business, so the ease with which I could transact in foreign currency was a draw. (They had a currency exchange right there on the premises.) And the fact that massages, dry cleaning, and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus. My work gets me tied up in knots. It also leaves little time for doing chores. So the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me. But, on top of all that, the event planning was what put InterContinental over the top. Being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of Chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders--and something I won't forget. In the end, if you're a newcomer to Chicago staying in a time-crunch, the InterContinental is for you. The pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive, but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs, it's nothing in the end. And the InterContinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options, it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be.
zlzytEx True Pos Perfect location, clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay. Its in an area with plenty of stores ( The Mile) and restaurants. Hotel lobby is on the 6th floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall I would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family, friends or on business. The subway to Wrigley is a 1/2 block away from the front door. 
zsdm5nv Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit. Not only are the desk clerks very helpful, but you feel like a celebrity when you visit. The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp. They also have a great indoor pool and a spa. It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan. If you need a vacation, this is the place to stay.
zxSZ5sJ True Pos We loved our stay at the Talbott. We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing. We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount. When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy. We were upgraded to a King bed suite. The suite was well decorated and spacious. My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago. Highly recommended. 
